Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Conservation Costs
See Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of
a percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This
percentage shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to
pay under the franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is
located.
Term of Service
Service under this rate schedule shall be by written contract for a period of five or more years.
Terms and Conditions
1. Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
2. The charges set forth above cover the initial installation of overhead lines, poles and fixture
assembly including bracket, and the maintenance duty as limited to lamp renewals due to burn outs
only, or the repair or replacement of equipment causing lamps not to be illuminated.
The Company will repair or replace malfunctioning lighting fixtures maintained by the company
in accordance with Section 768.1382, Florida Statues (2005). Maintenance duty to be undertaken
by Florida Public Utilities Company is limited to lamp renewal due to burn outs only, or the repair
or replacement of equipment causing lamps not to be illuminated. Such burnt out lamp
replacements or repairs causing non-illumination of lamps will be performed only during regular
daytime working hours as soon as practical after notification of the burn out or non-illumination
conditions of the lamp by the Customer. The maintenance duties undertaken herein are expressly
limited to our paying Customer and are not to be deemed to create a duty to the general public at
large.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 54 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Second Revised Sheet No. 7.016
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.016
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE OSL
MERCURY VAPOR LIGHTING SERVICE
(Closed To New Installations)
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Calhoun, Jackson and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to any Customer for mercury vapor lighting service.
Character of Service
Lighting service from dusk to dawn as described herein.
Limitations of Service
Service is limited to lighti