=== page 1 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 1.000
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
F. P. S. C. ELECTRIC TARIFF
FIRST REVISED VOLUME NO. II
OF
FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMPANY
FILED WITH
FLORIDA PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION
Communications concerning this Tariff should be addressed to:
Florida Public Utilities Company
208 Wildlight Avenue
Yulee, Florida 32097
Attn: Director of Regulatory Affairs
We strive to conform to ADA guidelines to ensure accessibility for all users.
If you experience issues, please contact us at accessibility@chpk.com for assistance.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 2 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 2.000
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Item Sheet No.
Title Page 1.000
Table of Contents 2.000
Miscellaneous General Information 3.000
System Maps and Territories Served 4.000
Technical Terms and Abbreviations 5.000
Index of Rules and Regulations 6.000
Rules and Regulations 6.001
Index of Rate Schedules 7.000
Rate Schedules 7.001
Standard Forms 8.000
Contracts and Agreements 9.000
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 3 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 3.000
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
MISCELLANEOUS GENERAL INFORMATION
Florida Public Utilities Company was incorporated under the Laws of Florida in 1924 and adopted its
present corporate name in 1927.
It is principally engaged in the distribution and sale of natural gas and electricity. Its operations are entirely
within the State of Florida.
The internet link to this Tariff is www.fpuc.com
General Florida office is located at:
208 Wildlight Avenue
Yulee, Florida 32097
Division offices are located at:
2825 Pennsylvania Avenue
Marianna, Florida 32446-4004
And
780 Amelia Island Parkway
Fernandina Beach, Florida 32034
Communications covering rates should be addressed to:
Florida Public Utilities Company
208 Wildlight Avenue
Yulee, Florida 32097
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 4 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 4.000
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
SYSTEM MAP
Northwest Florida Division System Map
Parts of Jackson, Calhoun County and Liberty Counties
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 5 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 4.001
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
SYSTEM MAP
Northeast Florida Division Service Map
Amelia Island located in Nassau County
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 6 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 4.002
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
TERRITORY SERVED
As indicated on the System Maps, two areas are served with electricity,
both of which are located in the northern part of Florida.
The Northwest Florida Division serves various communities in Jackson, Calhoun
and Liberty Counties.
The Northeast Florida Division serves Amelia Island, located in Nassau
County.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 7 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff First Revised Sheet No. 5.000
Original Volume No. II Cancels Original Sheet No. 5.000
TECHNICAL TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS
When used in the rules and regulations or the rate schedules contained in this volume, the following
terms shall have the meanings defined below:
A. Company – Florida Public Utilities Company acting through its duly authorized officers or
employees within the scope of their respective duties.
B. Applicant – any person, firm, or corporation applying for electric service from the Company
at one location.
C. Customer – any person, firm, or corporation purchasing electric service at one location from
the Company under Rules and Regulations of the Company.
D. Service Classification
(1) Residential Service – shall be supplied exclusively for domestic purposes in a single
dwelling unit (including mobile homes and individual apartment units) equipped with
housekeeping facilities and occupied by one family or household as a residence.
Residential service shall also apply to energy used in commonly owned facilities in
condominium and cooperative apartment buildings. The dwelling may include
separately metered, non-commercial facilities used solely by members of the household
for domestic purposes (e.g., garages, barns, water pumps, boat slips). Residential
Service shall not apply to any premises where any portion is used for commercial or
business purposes. Each separately metered dwelling unit must independently qualify
under this definition, subject to the following criteria:
1. 100% of the energy is used exclusively for the co-owners’ benefit.
2. None of the energy is used in any endeavor which sells or rents a commodity or
provided service for a fee.
3. Each point of delivery will be separately metered and billed.
4. A responsible legal entity is established as the Customer to whom the Company
can render its bills for said service.
(2) Commercial Service – service to Customers engaged in selling, servicing, warehousing,
or distributing a commodity, in some business activity or in a profession, or in some form
of economic or social activity (offices, stores, clubs, hotels, etc.) and for purposes that
do not come directly under another classification of service. A premise which might
otherwise, except for business activity conducted thereon, be entitled to Residential
Service shall be classified as Commercial unless that portion of said premise use solely
for residential purposes is metered separately.
(3) Industrial Service – service to Customers engaged in a process which creates or changes
raw or unfinished material into another form or product. (Factories, mills, machine
shops, mines, oil plants, refineries, creameries, canning, and packing plants, shipyards,
etc., i.e., in extractive, fabricating, or processing activities.)
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: JAN 26 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 8 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 5.001
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
TECHNICAL TERMS AND ABBREVIATIONS (Continued)
E. Service Line – all wiring between the Company’s main line or substation transformer
terminals and the point of connection to Customers service entrance.
F. Single Service – one set of facilities over which Customer may receive electric power.
G. KW or Kilowatt – one thousand (1,000) watts.
H. KWh or Kilowatt-hour – one thousand (1,000) watt-hours.
I. Energy – current consumed, expressed in kilowatt-hours.
J. BTU or British Thermal Unit – the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of one (1)
pound of water one degree Fahrenheit (1◦F) at sixty degrees Fahrenheit (60◦F).
K. Horsepower - the nameplate rating of motors or its equivalent in other apparatus. For
conversion purposes on horsepower shall be considered as equivalent to 0.75 kilowatts.
L. Candlepower – one-tenth of the manufacturer’s rating in lumens.
M. Connected Load – sum of the ratings of the electric power consuming apparatus connected to
the installation or system, or part of either, under consideration.
N. Demand – the load at the terminals of an installation or system averaged over a specified
period of time. Demand is expressed in kilowatts, kilovolt-amperes, or other suitable units.
O. Power Factor – ratio of kilowatts to kilovolt-amperes.
P. Month – the period between any two (2) regular readings of Company’s meters at
approximately thirty (30) day intervals.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 9 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 5.002
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 10 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.000
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INDEX OF RULES AND REGULATIONS
Item Title Sheet No.
1. General 6.001
2. Application for Service 6.001
3. Election of Rate Schedule 6.001
4. Customer Deposits 6.002
5. Customer’s Facilities 6.005
6. Service Connections 6.006
7. Line Extensions 6.007
8. Underground Electric Distribution Facility Charges 6.010
9. Metering 6.016
10. Billing and Collecting 6.016
11. Customer’s Liabilities 6.017
12. Company’s Liabilities 6.018
13. Force Majeure 6.019
14. Discontinuance of Service 6.019
15. Reconnection of Service 6.021
16. Termination of Service 6.022
17. Limitations of Supply 6.023
18. Temporary Service 6.023
19. Fees for Initial Connections 6.023
20. Re-establish or Make Change to Account Name 6.023
21. Returned Check Charge 6.024
22. Late Payment Charge 6.024
23. Measuring Customer Service 6.024
24. Miscellaneous Service Charges 6.027
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 11 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.001
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS
Applicable to Electric Service and Electric Rate Schedules
1. General
Company shall furnish service under its rate schedules and these Rules and Regulations as
approved from time to time by the Florida Public Service Commission and in effect at this time.
These Rules and Regulations shall govern all service except as specifically modified by the terms
and conditions of the rate schedules or written contracts. Copies of currently effective Rules and
Regulations are available at the office of Company.
Unless otherwise specifically provided in any applicable rate schedule or in a contract by or with
Company, the term of any agreement shall become operative on the day the Customer’s
installation is connected to Company’s facilities for the purpose of taking electric energy and
shall continue for a period of one (1) year and continuously thereafter until cancelled by three (3)
or more days’ notice by either party.
2. Application for Service
An application for service will be required by Company from each Applicant. Such application
shall contain the information necessary to determine the type of service desired and the conditions
under which service will be rendered. If necessary, the application or contract for service shall
be in writing.
The application or depositing of any sum of money by the Applicant shall not require company
to render service until the expiration of such time as may be reasonable required by Company to
determine if Applicant has complied with the provisions of these Rules and Regulations and as
may reasonably be required by Company to install the required facilities.
3. Election of Rate Schedules
Optional rates are available for certain classes of Customers. These optional rates and the
conditions under which they are applicable are set forth in Company’s rate schedules.
Upon application for service or upon request, Applicant or Customer shall elect the applicable
rate schedule best suited to his requirements. Company will assist in making such election but
does not guarantee that Customers will be served under the most favorable rate schedule at all
times. Company shall not be held
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 12 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.002
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
3. Election of Rate Schedules (Continued)
responsible to notify Customers of the most favorable rates schedule and will not refund the
difference in charge under different rate schedules to the same class of service.
Upon notification of any material changes in Customer’s installation or load conditions,
Company will assist in determining if a change in rates is desirable, but unless required by
substantial changes in the Customer’s installation, not more than (1) such change in rates will
be made within any twelve (12) month period.
Company will require a written contract with special guarantee from Applicants whose
characteristics of load would require excessive investment in facilities of whose requirements
for service are of a special nature.
4. Customer Deposits
A. Deposit Required
Unless credit is established in accordance with Section 4B, the Customer shall make a
deposit. The amount of the deposit shall be calculated in conformity with the requirements
of Section 366.05(1)(c), Florida Statutes, as follows:
(1) For an existing account or premise, the total deposit may not exceed two (2) months of
average actual charges, calculated by adding the monthly charges from the 12-month
period immediately before the date any change in the deposit is sought, dividing this
total by 12, and multiplying the result by 2. If the account or premise has less than 12
months of actual charges, the deposit shall be calculated by adding the available
monthly charges, dividing this total by the number of months available, and
multiplying the result by 2.
(2) For a new service or premise request, the total deposit may not exceed two (2) months
of projected charges, calculated by adding the 12 months of projected charges, dividing
this total by 12, and multiplying the result by 2. Once the new Customer has had
continuous service for a 12-month period, the amount of the deposit shall be
recalculated using actual data. Any difference between the projected and actual
amounts must be resolved by the Customer paying any additional amount that may by
billed by the utility or the utility returning any overcharge.
(3) A residential Customer may request the amount of the initial deposit be billed and paid
in even installments over a period of two (2) month’s for deposit amounts between $50
and $150 and three (3) month’s for deposits over $150, which may be granted at the
Company’s discretion.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 13 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.003
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
4. Customer Deposits (Continued)
B. Establishment of Credit
In lieu of a deposit, the Company may allow a prospective Customer to
satisfactorily establish credit prior to the commencement of service by one of the
following methods:
Residential:
(1) Furnish a satisfactory guarantor to secure payment of bills for the service
requested; such guarantor must be a Customer of the Company with a
satisfactory payment record. A guarantor’s liability shall be terminated when
a residential Customer, whose payment of bills is secured by the guarantor,
meets the requirements of Section 4C-Refund of Deposit. Guarantors
providing security for payment of residential Customer’s bills shall only be
liable for bills contracted at the service address contained in the
contract of guaranty; or
(2) Furnish an irrevocable letter of credit from a bank equal to two (2) months’
average bills; or
(3) Furnish a surety bond equal to two (2) months’ average bills; or
(4) Pay a cash deposit.
Non-Residential:
(1) Furnish a satisfactory guarantor to secure payment of bills for the service
requested, such a guarantor need not be a Customer of the Company; or
(2) Furnish an irrevocable letter of credit from a bank equal to two (2) months’
average bills; or
(3) Furnish a surety bond equal to two (2) months’ average bills; or
(4) Pay a cash deposit.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 14 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.004
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
4. Customer Deposits (Continued)
C. Refund of Deposits
After a Customer has established a satisfactory payment record and has had continuous
service for a period of 23 months, the utility shall refund the residential Customer’s
deposits and shall, at its option either refund or pay the higher rate of interest specified
below for nonresidential deposits, providing the Customer has not, in the preceding 12
months, (a) made more than one late payment of a bill (after the expiration of 20 days from
the date of mailing or delivery by the utility), (b) paid with a check refused by a bank, (c)
been disconnected for non-payment, or at any time, (d) tampered with the meter, or (e)
used service in a fraudulent or unauthorized manner. Company may, at its option, refund
a deposit in less than 23 months.
D. Interest on Deposits
Two percent (2%) per annum interest will be credited to a Consumer’s account annually in
accordance with the current effective rules and regulations of the Commission. Three
percent (3%) per annum will be credited annually on deposits of Residential Consumers
qualifying under section (c) above when the company elects not to refund such a deposit
after twenty-three (23) months. The Company shall credit annually three percent (3%) per
annum on deposits of non-Residential Consumers qualifying for refund under Section (c)
until the Commission sets a new interest rate applicable to the Company. No Customer
shall be entitled to receive interest on their deposit until and unless a Customer relationship
and the deposit have been in existence for a continuous period of six months, then Customer
shall be entitled to receive interest for the day of the commencement of the Customer
relationship and the placement of deposit. Deposits shall cease to bear interest upon
discontinuance of service.
E. New or Additional Deposits
Company may require, upon written notice to an existing Customer of not less than 30
days, a deposit (including guaranty, letter of credit or surety bond) where previously
waived or returned, or an additional deposit, in order to secure payment of current bills.
Such notice for a deposit shall be separate and apart from any bill for service and shall
explain the reason for the deposit; provided, however, that the total amount of the required
deposit shall not exceed an amount equal to the average actual charges for service for two
billing periods for the 12-month period immediately prior to the date of notice. The thirty
(30) day notice shall not apply when service is being reestablished after discontinuance of
service for non-payment. In the event the Customer has had service for less than 12
months, then the Company shall base its new or additional deposit upon the average actual
monthly billing available.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 15 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.005
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
4. Customer Deposits (Continued)
F. Retention of Deposits
Retention by Company, prior to final settlement, of said deposit shall not be considered as
a payment or part payment of any bill for service. Company shall, however, apply said
deposit against unpaid bills for service. In such case, Customer shall be required to restore
deposit to original amount.
G. Refund of Deposit When Service is Discontinued
Upon discontinuance of service, the deposit and accrued interest shall be credited against
the final account and the balance, if any, shall be returned promptly to the Customer, but
in no event later than fifteen (15) days after service is discontinued.
5. Customer Facilities
Customer shall make or procure satisfactory conveyance to Company of all necessary easement
and rights-of-way, including right of convenient access to Company’s property, for furnishing
adequate and continuous service or the removal of Company’s property upon termination of
service.
Customer should furnish Company a description of the load to be connected prior to wiring
Customer’s premises or purchasing any electric equipment. Company will then furnish Customer
such information as characteristics of service which is or will be available at the point of delivery.
All wiring and equipment beyond Company’s meter and accessories thereto, necessary to utilize
service furnished by Company, shall be installed by and belong to the Customer and be
maintained at Customer’s expense. Customer shall bring their wiring to a point of connection to
Company’s service lines at a location satisfactory to Company.
All wiring and electric equipment shall conform to the requirements of the National Electrical
Code as adopted by Company and local ordinances, if any.
Company reserves the right to inspect and approve the installation of all wiring and equipment
to utilize Company’s service; but such inspection or failure to make inspection or the fact that
Company may connect to such installation shall not make Company liable for any loss or damage
which may be occasioned by the use of such installation or equipment used therefrom or of
Company’s service.
Customer shall install only such motors or other apparatus or appliances as are suitable for
operation with the character of the service supplied by Company, and electric energy must not
be used in such a manner as to cause detrimental voltage fluctuations or disturbances in
Company’s distribution system.
All apparatus used by Customer shall be of such type as to secure the highest practicable
commercial efficiency, power factor and proper balancing of phases. Motors which are
frequently started or motors arranged for automatic control must be equipped with controlling
devices, approved by Company, to give maximum starting torque with minimum current flow.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 16 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.006
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
6. Service Connections
A. General
Company reserves the right to designate the location of the point of connection,
transformers and meters and to determine the amount of space which must be left
unobstructed for the installation and maintenance thereof. Applicant may request an
alternation of such a designation but, if consented to by Company, the excess cost of such
revised designation over and above the cost of the original Company design shall be borne
by Applicant.
Company reserves the right to postpone to a more favorable season the extension of lines
and connection of services during seasons of the year when climatic conditions would
cause abnormally high construction costs.
B. Overhead Service in Overhead Zone
Customer’s wiring must be brought outside the building wall nearest Company’s service
wires so as to be readily accessible thereto or to transformer terminals if located close to
the wall. All connections between the service entrance and meter location shall comply
with local ordinances and shall be in rigid conduit or cable approved by Company.
Company will furnish, install and maintain the service conductors to the point of
connection to Customer’s facilities.
C. Underground Service in Overhead Zone
Customers desiring an underground service in an overhead zone may make application for
service with the Company. The Company will install and own the underground service
from the meter location to the pole from which connection is to be made, including the
necessary run of cable or conduit up the side of the pole. The Customer will pay in advance
to the Company the estimated difference in the cost of the underground service and or
equivalent overhead service. Underground service will be provided pursuant to F.A.C. 25-
6115, Facility Charges for Conversion of Existing Overhead Investor Owned Distribution
Facilities.
D. Underground Service in Underground Residential Distribution Systems
The service connection to the building normally will be at the point of the building nearest
the point at which the underground system enters the property to be served. If such service
connection point on any building is more than seventy-five (75) feet, measured at right
angles, from the serving property line, the Customer will pay the difference between an
underground service and an equivalent overhead service for all service line in excess of
seventy five (75) feet.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 17 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.007
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
E. Underground Service in Underground Zone (Other Than Residential Areas)
Where service is supplied from an underground distribution system, at Company’s choice,
Company will provide and install the cable conduit or ducts from its manhole or street
connection box or main feed lines in street to the property line adjoining the property to be
served.
The Customer shall supply and install the cable conduit or ducts from the property line into
the building, terminating said conduit or ducts inside the building wall at a point located
by the Company inspector. The Customer shall make arrangements with the Company for
Company to supply and install continuous run of cable conductors from the manhole or
street connection box to the inside of the building wall. Customer shall be charged for
materials, labor, and other expenses incurred from the portion of cable installed inside the
building.
Where Company is required by governmental or other valid authority to install
underground distribution, and abandon overhead distribution, Company shall not be
required to bear any of the cost of making the necessary changes on Customer’s premises.
If, however, Company elects to change an existing Customer’s service from overhead to
underground, Company shall bear the cost of disconnecting the Customer’s service from
the overhead system and reconnecting it to the underground system unless such change is
necessitated by a change in the Customer’s requirements.
7. Line Extensions
A. Overhead Extensions
(1) Free Extensions
(a) Company shall make extensions to or alterations in its facilities in accordance
with Rule 25-6.064 of Florida Public Service Commission, these Rules and
Regulations and free of charge to provide service to an applicant or group of
applicants located within the Company’s service area when the estimated total
non-fuel revenue for the first four (4) years from the Applicant or Applicants
equals or exceeds the estimated cost of the necessary includable construction;
provided, however, that the patronage or demand will be of such permanency
as to warrant the expenditure involved.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 18 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.008
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
(b) The formula used to calculate the maximum amount of no-charge extension
or alteration will be as follows:
(1) for Customers in rate classes that pay only energy charges, i.e., do not
pay demand charges:
maximum amount = 4 X (non-fuel energy charge KWH)
(estimated annual KWH usage)
(2) for Customers in classes that pay both energy charges and demand
charges:
maximum amount = 4 X (non-fuel energy charge KWH)
(estimated annual KWH usage)
+ 4 X (estimated annual demand
charge revenue from sales
over new line)
(2) Other Extensions
When the line extension or alteration required in order to furnish service within
Company’s service area is a reasonable extension of the Company’s facilities but
greater than the free construction specified above, and the Applicant or Applicants
shall contract to use service for at least four (4) years, such extension or alteration
shall be made subject to the following condition;
(a) Applicant or Applicants shall make a non-refundable contribution in aid of
construction (CIAC)OH prior to commencement of construction, in an
amount equal to the amount that the estimated cost to provide the extension
or alteration exceeds the maximum amount of the no-charge extension or
alteration as determined in A (b) (1) or A (b) (2) above.
B. Underground Extension
(1) New residential subdivisions and multiple-occupancy buildings.
(a) Company shall make underground extension of its facilities to serve new
residential subdivisions or new multiple-occupancy buildings, in accordance
with the provisions of the “Rules for Residential Electric Underground
Service” of the Florida Public Service Commission; provided that the
Applicant or Applicants, in accordance with the Rules of the Florida Public
Service Commission, will pay to the Company in an amount equal to the
difference in cost between an underground system (exclusive of supply
system feeders) and an equivalent overhead system.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 19 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.09
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
(2) Residential, commercial, industrial extensions
(a) Company shall make underground extensions or alterations in its facilities in
accordance with Rule 25-6.115 of Florida Public Service Commission and these
Rules and Regulations to provide underground service to an applicant or group
of applicants, within the Company’s service area provided that the applicant, or
group of applicants, pay the Company a contribution in aid of underground
construction (CIAC)UG in an amount equal to the estimated difference in cost
to provide underground service instead of overhead service to the Applicant(s)
plus the amount, if any, by which the estimated cost to provide an overhead
service exceeds the maximum amount of no-charge construction (CIAC)OH as
determined in A(2) above.
(b) The following formula shall be used to determine the contribution in aid of
underground construction with all cost based on Rule 25-6.115, FAC, Facility
Charges for Conversion of Existing Overhead Investor-owned Distribution
Facilities :
(CIAC) = (estimated cost to provide underground service facilities including
UG
distribution line, transformer, service drop and other necessary
fixtures) minus (the estimated cost to provide service using
overhead facilities) plus (CIAC) OH.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 20 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.010
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
8. Underground Electric Distribution Facility Charges
A. Definitions
The following words and terms used under this Part shall have the meaning indicated:
(1) Applicant: The Applicant is the person or entity seeking the undergrounding of
existing or newly planned electric distribution facilities by the Company. When
a developer requests local government development approval, the local
government shall not be deemed the applicant for purposes of this rule.
(2) Commission: Florida Public Service Commission.
(3) Cost Estimate: A non-refundable deposit charged an Applicant by the Company
for the purpose of preparing a binding cost estimate of the amount required for
the Company to construct or convert particular distribution facilities as
underground.
(4) Company: Florida Public Utilities Company.
(5) Distribution Facilities: All electrical equipment of the Company required to
deliver electricity to homes and businesses.
(6) Facility Charge: That charge required to be paid by an Applicant for the Company
to construct or convert particular distribution facilities as underground.
(7) High Density Subdivision: A subdivision having a density of six (6) or more
dwelling units per acre.
(8) Low Density Subdivision: A subdivision having a density of at least 1.5 dwelling
units per acre but less than six (6) dwelling units per acre.
(9) Overhead: Pertains to distribution facilities consisting of conductors, switches,
transformers, etc. which are installed above ground on supporting poles.
(10) Underground: Pertains to distribution facilities consisting of conductors, switches,
transformers, etc. which are installed below or on the ground.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 21 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.011
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
B. General
(1) Application
This tariff section applies to request for underground electric distribution facilities
offered in lieu of overhead facilities. The installation of underground distribution lines
in new residential subdivisions is not covered in this section of the tariff. These
installations are covered under “Rules of the Florida Public Service Commission”,
Chapter 25-6115, “Facility Charges for Conversion of Existing Overhead Investor
Owned Distribution Facilities”, and the Company’s “Rules and Regulations”, Item 7.
(2) Application Request
An applicant shall submit a request in writing for the Company to develop a cost estimate
to accomplish the undergrounding of particular electric facilities. The request shall be
accompanied by an appropriate deposit and shall specify the following information:
a. the area(s) being sought to be undergrounded
b. a list of all electric Customers affected
c. an estimated time frame for undergrounding to be accomplished
d. details of any construction by the Applicant
e. any other pertinent information which the Applicant possesses that may assist the
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 22 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.012
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
C. Cost Estimate Deposits
(1) Non-Binding Cost Estimates
The Company will provide a non-binding cost estimate related to the request at no cost to the
Applicant. The non-binding cost estimate shall be an order of magnitude estimate to assist
the requestor in determining whether to go forward with a binding cost estimate.
(2) Binding Cost Estimates
Upon the payment of a non-refundable deposit, as specified below, the Company shall
provide an applicant with a binding cost estimate specifying the facility charge required for
the installation. The facility charge to be collected pursuant to a binding cost estimate from
an applicant shall not be subject to increase or refund unless the project scope is enlarged or
reduced, or the project is not completed at the request of the applicant.
The deposit shall be forfeited, and the binding cost estimate provided to an Applicant shall
be considered expired, if the Applicant does not enter into a contract for the installation of
the requested underground electric distribution within 180 days of delivery of the binding
cost estimate by the Company. For good cause the Company may extend the 180 day time
limit.
The deposit for a binding cost estimate, which approximates the engineering costs for
underground facilities associated with preparing the requested estimate, shall be calculated
as follows:
I. New Construction (Excluding New Residential Subdivisions)
Facilities Classification Deposit Amount
Urban Commercial $4,540 per overhead primary mile
Urban Residential $3,555 per overhead primary mile
Rural Residential $3,263 per overhead primary mile
II. Conversions
Facilities Classification Deposit Amount
Urban Commercial $6,815 per overhead primary mile
Urban Residential $5,330 per overhead primary mile
Rural Residential $4,895 per overhead primary mile
Low Density Subdivision $64.00 per lot
High Density Subdivision $42.00 per lot
The deposit must be paid to the Company to initiate the estimating process. The deposit will
be applied in the calculation of the facility charge to be required for the installation of
underground distribution facilities.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 23 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.013
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
D. Construction Contract
(1) General
Upon acceptance by the Applicant of a binding cost estimate, the Applicant shall execute a contract
with the Company to perform the construction of the underground distribution facilities. The contract
shall specify the type and character of system to be provided; establish the facility charge to be paid
by Applicant prior to commencement of construction; specify details of construction to be performed
by Applicant, if any; and address those other terms and conditions described below.
(2) Facilities Charge
The charge shall be calculated in accordance with the appropriate formula described below with all
costs based on Rule 25-6.115, FAC, Facility Charges for Conversion of Existing Overhead Investor-
owned Distribution Facilities:
a. New Construction
Charge =
Estimated cost of construction of underground facilities including underground
service laterals to Customers’ meters;
Minus, estimated construction cost of overhead facilities including overhead service drops to
Customers’ meters;
Minus, qualifying cost estimate deposit.
b. Conversion
Charge =
Remaining book value of existing overhead facilities to be removed;
Plus, removal cost of existing overhead facilities;
Minus, salvage value of existing overhead facilities;
Plus, estimated cost of construction of underground facilities including underground service
laterals to Customers’ meters;
Minus, estimated construction cost of overhead facilities including overhead service drops to
Customers’ meters;
Minus, qualifying cost estimated deposit.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 24 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.014
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
E. Construction By Applicant
If agreed upon by the Applicant and the Company, the Applicant may construct or install portions
of the underground system as long as such work meets the Company’s engineering and
construction standards. The Company will own and maintain the completed distribution facilities
upon accepting the system as operational. The type of system provided will be determined by the
Company’s standards.
Any facilities provided by the Applicant will be inspected by Company inspectors prior to
acceptance. Any deficiencies discovered as a result of these inspections will be corrected by the
applicant at his sole expense, including the costs incurred by performing the inspections.
Corrections must be made in a timely manner by the Applicant; otherwise the Company will
undertake the correction and bill the Applicant for all costs of such correction. These costs shall
be additional to the original binding cost estimate.
F. Other Terms And Conditions
(1) Easements: Easements satisfactory to both the Company and the Customer must be provided
for by the Applicant prior to commencement of construction at no expense to the Company.
Additional easements are not required when facilities are to be located on private property
wholly within an area covered by a recorded subdivision utility easement, namely a
reservation and recorded plat of an easement for public utility purposes and where
underground electrical facilities are not prohibited. Where underground distribution facilities
for serving more than one Customer are located on private property, easements are required.
Secondary voltage underground facilities wholly within one property for the purpose of
serving only one Customer do not require easements. All primary voltage
underground facilities require easements. Easements are not required for facilities in
public rights-of-way.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 25 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.015
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
(2) Scheduling, Clearing, and Grading: Rights-of-way and easements suitable to the Company
must be furnished by the Applicant in a reasonable time to meet service requirements and
must be cleared of trees, tree stumps, paving and other obstruction, staked to show property
lines and final grade and must be graded to within six (6) inches of final grade by the Applicant
before the Company will commence construction, all at no charge to the Company. Such
clearing and grading must be maintained by the Applicant during construction by the
Company. Grade stakes must be provided at transformer, pull box, and switch locations.
(3) Restoration: All removal and restoration of buildings, roads, driveways, sidewalks, patios,
fences, ditches, landscaping, sprinkler systems, other utilities, etc. shall be the full
responsibility of the Applicant and shall cause no cost to the Company. Removal of all
construction debris not belonging to the Company shall be the responsibility of the Applicant
or other.
(4) Other Joint Users on the Company Poles: Applicant must make arrangements with all other
overhead utilities and third parties to remove their overhead facilities from the Company’s
poles prior to construction or to concurrently convert their facilities to underground or remove
them at no cost to the Company. The Applicant shall produce, if requested by the Company,
executed agreements with all joint users guaranteeing this requirement.
(5) Affected Electric Customers: Applicant must make arrangements with all affected Company
Customers to, in a timely fashion, prepare their premises and service entrance for underground
electrical service from the new underground distribution system. All Customers affected by
the undergrounding request must agree to accept underground service. This Customer
conversion will be at no cost to the Company.
(6) Damage to Company’s Underground Facilities: The Applicant shall be responsible to ensure
the Company’s distribution system, once installed, is not damaged, destroyed, or otherwise
disturbed during the construction of the project. This responsibility shall extend not only to
those in his employ, but also to his subcontractors, and he shall be responsible for the full cost
of repairing such damage.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 26 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.016
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
9. Metering
Company will provide each Customer with a meter or meters for each applicable rate schedule.
Customer, acting jointly with Company, may install, maintain and operate at Customer’s expense
such check measuring equipment as desired provided that such equipment shall be so installed as
not to interfere with operation of Company’s equipment and that no electric energy shall be re-
metered for resale to another or others.
Before installation and periodically thereafter, each meter shall be tested and adjusted using
methods and accuracy limits prescribed or approved by the Florida Public Service Commission.
Periodic test and inspection intervals shall not exceed the maximum period allowed by the Florida
Public Service Commission.
If upon testing the meter is found to be in error in excess of prescribed accuracy limits, fast or slow,
the amount of refund or charge to the Customer shall be determined by methods prescribed or
approved by the Florida Public Service Commission.
In the event of stoppage or failure of any meter to register, Customer may be billed for such period
on an estimated consumption based upon Customer’s use of electric energy in a similar period of
like use or on the basis of check meter readings, if available and accurate.
Meters in use shall be tested at the request of Customer and in his presence, if desired, provided
only one (1) such test shall be made free of charge within a twelve (12) month period, and provided
Customer shall pay the cost of any additional test within this period unless meter is shown to be
inaccurate in excess of the tolerances set forth by the Florida Public Service Commission. If the
Customer requests a test more frequently, the Company may require a deposit, not to exceed
$50.00, to defray the cost of testing.
. 10. Billing and Collecting
Each Customer’s meter will be read at regular intervals and bills will be rendered on a monthly
basis or periodically in accordance with the terms of the applicable rate schedule. Bills will be
rendered as soon as practical after determination of their amount and shall be due and payable at
the office of Company within twenty (20) days after date of bill. Failure to receive a bill will not
entitle Customer to any discount or to the omission of any charge for nonpayment within the time
specified.
Partial Month:
Upon commencement of service less than fifteen (15) days prior to a regular monthly
read date and when the service continues thereafter to the same Customer at the same
address where the Customer is receiving service on monthly rate schedules, no bill
will be rendered for service covering such period, but the charge for such period will
be included in the bill rendered for the next succeeding monthly billing period.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 27 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.017
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
10. Billing and Collecting (continued)
A separate bill will be rendered for each meter used by Customer unless, for the convenience of
Company, multiple meters are used for measurement of the same class of service, in which case a
bill will be rendered for the total amount registered by all meters. If Company, (as it may under
unusual circumstances), permits more than one Customer to be served through one meter, the
minimum bill and the first billing block kilowatt-hours of the applicable rate schedule shall be
multiplied by the number of Customer so served and the number of kilowatt-hours in each
succeeding block of the rate schedule shall be increased in the same proportion.
Billings in general will be based on meter readings but bills will be adjusted to compensate for
errors in meter registration, in the reading thereof, or in the application of meter reading schedules
to intervals five (5) days greater or lesser than a month. If the billing period is extended more than
five (5) days, the Company will not apply the higher tiered rate if the Customer’s higher usage is
attributable to the extended billing period.
In case of tampering or unauthorized use, probable consumption will be billed as determined by
the maximum quantity of electric energy estimated to have been consumed by the various
appliances of Customer and a bill will be rendered for a period encompassing six (6) months prior
to the detection of such abuse and /or disconnection for cause.
11. Customer’s Liabilities
Company shall have the right to enter the premises of Customer at all reasonable hours for the
purpose of making such inspection of Customer’s installation as may be necessary for the proper
application of Company’s rate schedules and Rules and Regulations; for installing, removing,
testing, or replacing its apparatus or property; for reading meters; and for the entire removal of
Company’s property in event of termination of service to Customer for any reason.
All property of Company installed in or upon Customer’s premises used and useful in supplying
service is placed there under Customer’s protection. All reasonable care shall be exercised to
prevent loss of or damage to such property and, ordinary wear and tear excepted, Customer will be
held liable for any such loss of property or damage thereto and shall pay to Company the cost of
necessary repairs or replacements.
No one except employees of Company will be allowed to make any repairs or adjustments to any
meter or other piece of apparatus belonging to Company except in case of emergency.
Unauthorized connections to, or tampering with the Company’s meters, meter seals, or metering
equipment or indications or evidence thereof , subjects the Customer to immediate discontinuance
of service, prosecution under the laws of Florida, adjustment of prior bills for services rendered, a
tampering penalty pf $500 for residential and non-demand general service customers and $2,500
for all other customers, and liability for reimbursement to the Company for all extra expenses
incurred on this account as a result thereof. The reimbursement for extra expenses incurred as a
result of the investigation or as a result thereof shall be the actual amount of such extra expenses
and shall be in addition to any charges for service rendered or charges for restoration of service as
provided elsewhere in these rules.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 28 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.018
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
11. Customers Liabilities (continued)
Customer shall not materially increase load without first notifying Company and obtaining consent.
Company shall have the right, if necessary, to construct its poles, lines and circuits on Customer’s
property, and to place its transformers and other apparatus on the property or within the buildings
of Customer, at a point or points convenient for such purpose and Customer shall provide suitable
space for such installation.
12. Company’s Liabilities
Company will use reasonable diligence in furnishing as uniform a supply of electric energy as
practicable, except where rate schedules provide otherwise. Company may interrupt its service
hereunder, however, for the purpose of making necessary alterations and repairs, but only for such
time as may be reasonable or unavoidable, and Company shall give to those Customers it knows
may be seriously affected, except in case of emergency, reasonable notice of its intention so to do,
and shall endeavor to arrange such interruption so as to inconvenience Customer as little as
possible.
Whenever Company deems an emergency warrants interruption or limitation in the service being
rendered, such interruption or limitation shall not constitute a breach of contract and shall not render
Company liable for damages suffered thereby or excuse Customer from further fulfillment of the
contract.
In the event that the supply of electric energy shall be interrupted from causes other than the
foregoing or force majeure and such interruption is due to the negligence of Company and
Company is liable because thereof, that liability shall be limited to twice the amount which
Customer would have paid for electric energy during the period of such interruption. However,
Company shall not be liable to Customer for any loss, injury or damage resulting from use of
Customer’s equipment or from the use of electric service furnished by Company or from the
connection of Company’s facilities with Customer’s wiring and appliances.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 29 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.019
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
13. Force Majeure
Except for payment of bills due, neither the Company nor the Customer shall be liable in damage to
the other for any act, omission or circumstances occasioned by or in consequence of any acts of
God, strikes, lockouts, acts of the public enemy, wars, blockades, insurrections, riots, epidemics,
landslides, lightning, earthquakes, fires, storms, floods, unforeseeable or unusual weather
conditions, washouts, arrests and restraint of rules and peoples, civil disturbances, explosions,
breakage or accident to machinery or electric lines, temporary failure of electric supply, the binding
order of any court or governmental authority which has been resisted in good faith by all reasonable
legal means, and any other cause, whether of the kind herein enumerated, or otherwise, and whether
caused or occasioned by or happening on account of the act or omission of Company or Customer
or any other person or concern not reasonably within the control of the party claiming suspension
and which by the exercise of due diligence such party is unable to prevent or overcome. A failure
to settle or prevent any strike or other controversy with employees or with anyone purporting or
seeking to represent employees shall not be considered to be a matter within the control of the party
claiming suspension.
14. Discontinuance of Service
The Company reserves the right, but assumes no liability for failure so to do, to discontinue service
to any Customer for cause as follows:
A. Without notice,
(1) if a dangerous condition exists on Customer's premises in wiring or energy-consuming
devices.
(2) because of fraudulent use of the service or tampering with Company's equipment.
(3) upon request by Customer, subject to any existing agreement between Customer and
Company as to unexpired term of service.
B. After five (5) working days' (any day on which the utility's business office is open and the U.S.
Mail is delivered) notice in writing,
(1) for nonpayment of bill for electric service.
(2) when Company has reasonable evidence that Customer has been previously
disconnected for nonpayment at present or other location and is receiving service for
his own use under a different name in order to avoid past due payments to Company.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 30 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.020
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
(3) for refusal or failure to make a deposit or increase a deposit, when requested,
to assure payment of bills.
(4) for a violation of these Rules and Regulations which Customer refuses or neglects to
correct.
C. Discontinuance of Service When That Service is Medically Essential:
For purposes of this section, a Medically Essential Service Customer is a residential Customer
whose electric service is medically essential, as affirmed through the certificate of a medical
doctor licensed to practice in the State of Florida. Service is “medically essential” if the
Customer has continuously operating electric-powered medical equipment necessary to sustain
the life of or avoid serious medical complications requiring immediate hospitalization of the
Customer or another permanent resident at the service address. The physician’s certificate shall
explain briefly and clearly, in non-medical terms, why continuance of electric service is
medically essential, and shall be consistent with the requirements of the Company’s tariff. A
Customer who is certified as a Medically Essential Service Customer must renew such
certification periodically through the procedures outlined above. The Company may require
certification no more frequently than 12 months.
The Company shall provide Medically Essential Service Customers with a limited extension
of time, not to exceed thirty (30) days, beyond the date service would normally be subject to
disconnection for non-payment of bills (following the requisite notice pursuant to Rule 25-
6.105(5) of the Florida Administrative Code). The Company shall provide the Medically
Essential Service Customer with written notice specifying the date of disconnection based on
the limited extension. The Medically Essential Service Customer shall be responsible for
making mutually satisfactory arrangements to ensure payment within this additional extension
of time for service provided by the Company and for which payment is past due, or to make
other arrangements for meeting medically essential needs.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 31 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.021
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
No later than 12 noon one day prior to the scheduled disconnection of service of a Medically
Essential Service Customer, the Company shall attempt to contact such Customer by telephone
in order to provide notice of the scheduled disconnect date. If the Medically Essential Service
Customer does not have a telephone number listed on the account, or if the utility cannot reach
such Customer or other adult resident of the premises by telephone by the specified time, a field
representative will be sent to the residence to attempt to contact the Medically Essential Service
Customer, no later than 4 PM of the day prior to scheduled disconnection. If contact is not made,
however, the company may leave written notification at the residence advising the Medically
Essential Service Customer of the scheduled disconnect date; thereafter, the Company may
disconnect service on the specified date. The Company will grant special consideration to a
Medically Essential Service Customer in the application of Rule 26-6.097(3) of the Florida
Administrative Code.
In the event that a Customer is certified as a Medically Essential Customer, the Customer shall
remain solely responsible for any backup equipment and/or power supply and a planned course
of action in the event of a power outage. The Company does not assume, and expressly disclaims,
any obligation or duty; to monitor the health or condition of the person requiring medically
essential service; to insure continuous service; to call, contact, or otherwise advise of service
interruptions; or, except expressly provided by this section, to take any other action (or refrain
from any action) that differs from the normal operation of the Company.
15. Reconnection of Service
When service shall have been discontinued for any of the reasons set forth in these Rules and
Regulations, Company shall not be required to restore service until the following conditions have
been met by the Customer:
A. Where service was discontinued without notice,
(1) The dangerous condition shall be removed and, if the Customer had been warned of
the condition a reasonable time before the discontinuance and had failed to remove
the dangerous condition, a reconnection fee shall be paid.
(2) all bills for service due Company by reason of fraudulent use or tampering shall be
paid, a deposit to guarantee the payment of future bills shall be made, and a
reconnection fee shall be paid.
(3) if reconnection is requested on the same premises after discontinuance, a
reconnection fee shall be paid.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 32 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.022
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
B. Where service was discontinued with notice,
(1) satisfactory arrangements for payment of all bills for service then due shall be made and
a reconnection fee shall be paid.
(2) a satisfactory arrangement for the payment of bills then due under a different name shall
be made and a reconnection fee shall be paid.
(3) a satisfactory guarantee of payment for all future bills shall be furnished and a
reconnection fee shall be paid.
(4) the violation of these Rules and Regulations shall be corrected and a reconnection fee
shall be paid.
The reconnection fee as required under items A and B above shall be as follows:
During Normal Business Hours $ 70.00
After Normal Business Hours $325.00
16. Termination of Service
Subject to any existing agreement between Customer and Company, if Customer wishes the electric
service to be terminated, he shall give notice to the Company at least three (3) days prior to the time
that such termination shall become effective. Customer will be held liable both for any electric
energy that may pass through the meter and safe custody of the Company’s property until three (3)
days after such notice shall have been given, provided that the meter and/or other movable equipment
shall not have been removed within that time by the Company.
If Customer wishes Company’s property to be removed, he shall give notice to the Company at least
ten (10) days prior to the time that such removal must be made.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 33 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.023
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
17. Limitations of Supply
Company reserves the right, subject to regulatory authority having jurisdiction, to limit, restrict or
refuse service that will result in additions to its distribution system and/or production capacity and/or
alterations in its contractual requirements of supply from non-affiliated companies that may
jeopardize service to existing Customers.
18. Temporary Service
The Company upon request will supply temporary service when the Company’s distribution system
is near the requested location.
When the temporary service is to be replaced later with a permanent service, the Company will install
a service drop, meter and other facilities as may be necessary to the Customer’s temporary service
pole and remove same at the termination of temporary service. To recover the cost of installing and
removing such temporary service, an advance of $415.00 per service to the applicant will be applied.
For underground temporary service using Customer provided wire, an advance of $250.00 per
service will be required. Should the Company be required to install an additional pole, additional
charges will apply. A pole with an overhead service will be an additional $835.00, and a pole with
an underground service will be an additional $1,000.00.
When the temporary service will not be replaced by a permanent service or when the location is such
that multiple temporary poles and/or extensive facilities are required, the Company will estimate the
cost of installing and removing the temporary facilities and the advance charge to the applicant will
be that cost estimate.
The rate schedule for temporary service shall be that which is applicable to the class of service for
that Customer.
19. Fees for Initial Connections
In addition to the deposit or suitable guarantee to cover the payment of bills as required by the Rules
and Regulations, each Applicant or Customer shall pay an initial turn-on connection fee of $125.00.
20. Re-establish or Make Change to Account
There shall be a charge to re-establish or change any account to which service is currently rendered
under any of the Company’ rate schedules in the amount of $45.00. Should it be necessary, at the
Customer’s request, to disconnect and then reconnect the service to the account, the Customer shall
pay a temporary disconnect then reconnect fee in the amount of $81.00.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 34 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.024
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
21. Returned Check Charge
The service charge for each worthless check shall be determined in accordance with Section 68.065,
Florida Statues. As of October 1, 1996, Section 68.065, F.S., provided for a service charge of
$25.00, if the face value does not exceed $50.00, $30.00, if the face value exceeds $50.00 but does
not exceed $300.00 and $40.00, or 5 percent of the face amount of the check, whichever is greater
if the face value exceeds $300.00. Such service charge shall be added to the Customer’s bill for
electric service for each check dishonored by the bank upon which it is drawn. Termination of
service shall not be made for failure to pay the returned check charge.
22. Late Payment Charge
A bill shall be considered past due upon expiration of twenty (20) days from the date of mailing or
other delivery thereof by the Company. The balance of all past due charges for services rendered
are subject to a Late Payment charge of 1.5% or $5.00, whichever is greater, except the accounts
of federal, state, and local governmental entities, agencies, and instrumentalities. A Late Payment
Charge shall be applied to the accounts of federal, state, and local governmental entities, agencies
and instrumentalities at a rate no greater than allowed, and in a manner permitted by applicable
law.
23. Measuring Customer Service
A. All energy sold to Customers, except that sold under flat rate schedule, shall be measured by
commercially acceptable measuring devices owned and maintained by the Company, except
where it is impractical to meter loads, such as street lighting, temporary or special installations,
in which case the consumption may be calculated, or billed on demand or connected load rate
or as provided in Company’s filed tariff.
B. When there is more than one meter at a location the metering equipment shall be so tagged or
plainly marked as to indicate the circuit metered. Where similar types of meters record
different quantities, (kilowatt hours and relative power, for example), metering equipment
shall be tagged or plainly marked to indicate what the meters are recording.
C. Meters which are not direct reading shall have the multiplier plainly marked on the meter. All
charts taken from recording meters shall be marked with the date of the record, the meter
number, Customer, and chart multiplier. The register ratio shall be marked on all meter
registers. The watt-hour constant for the meter itself shall be placed on all watt-hour meters.
D. Metering equipment shall not be set “fast” or “slow” to compensate for supply transformer or
line losses.
E. Individual electric metering by Company shall be required for each separate occupancy unit
of new commercial establishments, residential buildings, condominiums, cooperatives,
marinas, and trailer, mobile home and recreational vehicle parks for which construction is
commenced after January 1, 1981. Individual electric meters shall not, however, be required:
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 35 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.025
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
1. In those portions of a commercial establishment where the floor space dimensions or
physical configuration of the units are subject to alteration, as evidenced by non-structural
element partition walls, unless the utility determines that adequate provisions can be made
to modify the metering to accurately reflect such alterations;
2. For electricity used in central heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems, or electric
back up service to storage heating and cooling systems;
3. For electricity used in specialized-use housing accommodations such as hospitals, nursing
homes, living in facilities located on the same premises as, and operated in conjunction
with, a nursing home or other health care facility providing at least the same level and
types of services as a nursing home, convalescent homes, facilities certified under chapter
651, Florida Statutes, college dormitories, convents, sorority houses, fraternity houses,
motels, hotels, and similar facilities.
4. For separate, specially designated areas for overnight occupancy at trailer, mobile home
and recreational vehicle parks where permanent residency is not established and for
marinas were living aboard is prohibited by ordinance, deed restriction, or other
permanent means.
5. For new and existing time-share plans, provided that all of the occupancy units which are
served by the master meter or meters are committed to a timeshare plan as defined in
Section 721, Florida Statutes, and none of the occupancy units are used for permanent
occupancy. When a time-share plan is converted from individual metering to master
metering, the Customer must reimburse the utility for the costs incurred by the utility for
the conversion. These costs shall include, but not be limited to, the undepreciated cost of
any existing distribution equipment which is removed or transferred to the ownership of
the Customer, plus the cost of removal or relocation of any distribution equipment, less the
salvage value of any removed equipment.
For purpose of this rule:
1. “Occupancy unit” means that portion of any commercial establishment, single and multi-
unit residential building, or trailer, mobile home or recreational vehicle park, or marina
which is set apart from the rest of such facility by clearly determinable boundaries as
described in the rental, lease, or ownership agreement for such unit.
“Time-sharing plan” means any arrangement, plan, scheme or similar device, whether by
membership, agreement, tenancy in common, sale, lease, deed, rental agreement, license, or
right-to-use agreement or by any other means, whereby a purchaser, in exchange for a
consideration, receives a right to use accommodations or facilities, or both, for a specific
period of times less than a full year during any given year, but not necessarily for
consecutive years, and which extends for a period of more than three years.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 36 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.026
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
3. The construction of a new commercial establishment, residential building, marina, or trailer,
mobile home or recreational vehicle park shall be deemed to commence on the date when the
building structure permit is issued.
4. The individual metering requirement is waived for any time sharing facility for which
construction was commenced before December 23, 1982, in which separate occupancy units
were not metered in accordance with subsection (5) (a).
5. “Overnight Occupancy” means use of an occupancy unit for a short term such as per day or per
week where permanent residency is not established.
6. The term “cost” as used herein means only those charges specifically authorized by the electric
utility’s tariff, including but not limited to the Customer, energy, demand, fuel, and conservation
charges made by the Company plus applicable taxes and fees to Customer of record
responsible for the master meter payments. The term does not include late payment charges,
returned check charges, the cost of distribution system behind the master meter, the cost of
billing, and other such costs.
F. Where individual metering is not required under Subsection (E) and master metering is used
in lieu thereof, reasonable apportionment methods, including sub-metering, may be used by
Customer of record or the owner of such facility solely for the purpose of allocating the cost of
the electricity billed by the Company.
G. Any fees or charges allocated by Customer of record for electricity billed to Customer’s account
by Company, whether based on the use of sub-metering or any other allocation method, shall be
determined in a manner which reimburses the Customer of record for no more than the Customer’s
actual cost of electricity.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 37 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 6.027
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RULES AND REGULATIONS (Continued)
24. Miscellaneous Service Charges
A. Initial establishment of service $ 125.00
B. Re-establish or Change Account $ 45.00
C. Temporary disconnect then reconnect
Service $ 81.00
D. Re-connect service after being
disconnected for rule violation
Normal Business Hours $ 70.00
After Normal Business Hours $325.00
E. Connect and then disconnect temporary
Service $ 135.00
F. Collection Charge $ 50.00
We strive to conform to ADA guidelines to ensure accessibility for all users.
If you experience issues, please contact us at accessibility@chpk.com for assistance.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 38 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.000
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INDEX OF RATE SCHEDULES
ITEM TITLE SHEET NO.
RATE SCHEDULES
Schedule RS Residential Service 7.001
Reserved For Future Use 7.003
Schedule GS General Service -Non-Demand 7.004
Schedule GSD General Service - Demand 7.006
Schedule GSLD General Service - Large Demand 7.008
Schedule GSLD1 General Service - 1 7.010
Reserved For Future Use 7.012
Schedule LS Lighting Service 7.013
Schedule OSL Mercury Vapor Lighting Service 7.016
Schedule EDRP Economic Development Rider Program 7.018
Rate Adjustment Rider 7.021
Non-Firm Energy Program (Experimental) (Closed) 7.023
Storm Protection Plan Recovery Clause 7.025
Storm Recovery Surcharge 7.026
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 39 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Second Revised Sheet No. 7.001
Original Volume No. II Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.001
RATE SCHEDULE RS
RESIDENTIAL SERVICE
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun and Liberty Counties
and on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable for service to a single family dwelling unit occupied by one family or household and for
energy used in commonly-owned facilities in condominium and cooperative apartment buildings.
Character of Service
Single-phase service at nominal secondary voltage of 115/230 volts; three-phase service if available.
Limitations of Service
The maximum size of any individual single-phase motor hereunder shall not exceed five (5)
horsepower.
The Company shall not be required to construct any additional facilities for the purpose of supplying
three-phase service unless the revenue to be derived therefrom shall be sufficient to yield the
Company a fair return on the value of such additional facilities.
Monthly Rate
Customer Facilities Charge:
$24.40 per Customer per month
Base Energy Charge:
2.867¢/KWH for usage up to 1000 KWH’s/month
4.695ȼ/KWH for usage above 1000 KWH’s/month
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the Florida Public Service Commission, normally each
year in January. For current purchased power costs included in the tariff, see Sheet Nos. 7.021 &
7.022.
Minimum Bill
The minimum monthly bill shall consist of the above Customer Facilities Charge.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 40 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.002
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE RS
RESIDENTIAL SERVICE
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Conservation Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This
percentage shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay
under the franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Budget Billing Program (optional)
An electing Customer's participation in the budgeted payment plan will be continuous unless the
Customer requests that participation in the plan be terminated or that Electric Service be terminated,
or the Customer is delinquent in paying the budgeted payment amount and becomes subject to the
collection action on the service account. At that time, the Customer's participation in the program
will be terminated and the Customer shall settle their account with the Company in full. If a
Customer requests to terminate participation in the program, but remains a Customer of the
Company, the Customer shall pay any deferred debit balance with their next regular monthly bill,
and any deferred credit balance shall be used to reduce the amount due for the next regular monthly
bill. An electing Customer may request that participation be terminated at any time, but once
terminated by Customer request or due to collection action, will be limited to a six (6) month waiting
period before Customer may rejoin the Budget Billing Program.
Terms and Conditions
Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 41 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.003
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 42 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Second Revised Sheet No. 7.004
Original Volume No. II Replaces First Original Sheet No. 7.004
RATE SCHEDULE GS
GENERAL SERVICE – NON DEMAND
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun and Liberty Counties
And on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to commercial and industrial lighting, heating, cooking and small power loads aggregating
25 KW or less.
Character of Service
Single or three-phase service at available standard voltage.
Limitations of Service
Service shall be at a single metering point.
Monthly Rate
Customer Facilities Charge:
$40.00 per Customer per month
Base Energy Charge:
All KWH 4.407¢/KWH
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the Florida Public Service Commission, normally each year in
January. For current purchased power costs included in the tariff, see Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Minimum Bill
The minimum monthly bill shall consist of the above Customer Facilities Charge.
Terms of Payment
Bills are rendered net and are due and payable within twenty (20) days from date of bill.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 43 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.005
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GS
GENERAL SERVICE – NON-DEMAND
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Conservation Costs
See Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This percentage
shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay under the
franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Terms and Conditions
Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 44 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Second Revised Sheet No. 7.006
Original Volume No. II Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.006
RATE SCHEDULE GSD
GENERAL SERVICE – DEMAND
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to commercial, industrial and municipal service with a measured demand of 25 KW but
less than 500 KW for three or more months out of the twelve consecutive months ending with the
current billing period. Also available, at the option of the Customer, to any Customer with demands
of less than 25 KW who agrees to pay for service under this rate schedule for a minimum initial term
of twelve months.
Character of Service
Single or three-phase service at available standard voltage.
Limitations of Service
Service shall be at a single metering point at one voltage.
Monthly Rate
Customer Facilities Charge:
$122.17per Customer per month
Demand Charge:
Each KW of Billing Demand $6.66/KW
Base Energy Charge
All KWH 0. 812¢/KWH
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the Florida Public Service Commission, normally each year
in January.
Minimum Bill
The minimum monthly bill shall consist of the above Customer Facilities Charge plus the Demand
Charge for the currently effective billing demand.
Terms of Payment
Bills are rendered net and are due and payable within twenty (20) days from date of bill.
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 45 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.007
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GSD
GENERAL SERVICE - DEMAND
Conservation Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This percentage
shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the company is required to pay under the
franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Billing Demand
The billing demand in any month shall be the greatest of the following:
(a) The highest fifteen-minute average load for the current month, as registered by a demand
meter or indicator.
(b) The highest fifteen-minute average load for the current month after adjustment for power
factor, in accordance with the Power Factor Clause of this schedule.
(c) For those Customers electing to take service under this rate schedule in lieu of the otherwise
applicable rate schedule the billing demand shall be as in either (a) or (b) above, but not less
than 20 KW.
Terms of Service
Not less than one year.
Power Factor of Clause
The Company reserves the right to measure power factor and if it is less than 90%, adjust the maximum
demand for any month by multiplying the measured demand by 90% and dividing by the actual power
factor.
Transformer Ownership Discount
If the customer elects to take service at the available primary voltage and furnish and maintain any
transformers required, the monthly demand charge will be reduced by fifty five (55) cents per kilowatt.
Such customers will be metered at primary voltage and in recognition of estimated average
transformation losses of 1% the KW and KWH measured units shall be multiplied by a factor of 0.99
for billing purposes.
Terms and Conditions
Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 46 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Second Revised Sheet No. 7.008
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.008
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GSLD
GENERAL SERVICE-LARGE DEMAND
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to commercial, industrial and municipal service with a measured demand of 500 KW but
less than 5000 KW for three or more months out of the twelve consecutive months ending with the
current billing period. Also available, at the option of the Customer, to any Customer with demands of
less than 500 KW who agrees to pay for service under this rate schedule for a minimum initial term of
twelve months.
Character of Service
Three-phase service at available standard voltage.
Limitations of Service
Service shall be at a single metering point at one voltage.
Monthly Rate
Customer Facilities Charge:
$233.54 per Customer per month
Demand Charge:
Each KW of Billing Demand $9.53/KW
Base Energy Charge
All KWH 0.377¢/KWH
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the Florida Public Service Commission, normally each year
in January.
Minimum Bill
The minimum monthly bill shall consist of the above Customer Facilities Charge plus the Demand
Charge for the currently effective billing demand.
Terms of Payment
Bills are rendered net and are due and payable within twenty (20) days from date of bill.
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 47 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.009
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GSLD
GENERAL SERVICE-LARGE DEMAND
Conservation Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This percentage
shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay under the
franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Billing Demand
The billing demand in any month shall be the greatest of the following:
(d) The highest fifteen-minute average load for the current month, as registered by a demand meter
or indicator.
(e) The highest fifteen-minute average load for the current month after adjustment for power factor,
in accordance with the Power Factor Clause of this schedule.
(f) For those Customers electing to take service under this rate schedule in lieu of the otherwise
applicable rate schedule the billing demand shall be as in either (a) or (b) above, but not less than
400 KW.
Terms of Service
Not less than one year.
Power Factor of Clause
The Company reserves the right to measure power factor and if it is less than 90%, adjust the maximum
demand for any month by multiplying the measured demand by 90% and dividing by the actual power
factor.
Transformer Ownership Discount
If the customer elects to take service at the available primary voltage and furnish and maintain any
transformers required, the monthly demand charge will be reduced by fifty five (55) cents per kilowatt.
Such customers will be metered at primary voltage and in recognition of estimated average
transformation losses of 1% the KW and KWH measured units shall be multiplied by a factor of 0.99
for billing purposes.
Terms and Conditions
Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 48 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Second Revised Sheet No. 7.010
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.010
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GSLD 1
GENERAL SERVICE - LARGE DEMAND 1
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun, and Liberty Counties
and on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to commercial and industrial services of Customers contracting for at least 5,000 kilowatts
of electric service.
Character of Service
Three-phase, 60 hertz, electric service delivered and metered at a single point at the available
transmission voltage, nominally 69,000 volts or higher.
Monthly Base Rates
Customer Facilities Charge: $1,143.60
Base Transmission Demand
Charge: $2.65/KW of Maximum/NCP Billing Demand
Excess Reactive Demand
Charge: $0.52 kVar of Excess Reactive Demand
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the FPSC annually. Current purchased power rates are
listed on Sheet Nos. 7.021 and 7.022. The Purchased Power Charges recover Energy and Demand
Charges billed to FPUC by FPUC’s Wholesale Energy Provider and Wholesale Cogeneration
Provider including applicable line losses and taxes. See Sheet Nos. 7.010 and 7.011 for the
methodology used to determine purchased power rate and calculation to develop annual true-up
calculations.
Minimum Bill
The minimum monthly bill is the sum of the Transmission Demand Charge and the Customer Charge
plus any Purchased Power Charges attributed to Transmission Demand Fuel Charge.
Terms of Payment
Bills are rendered net and due and payable within twenty (20) days from date of bill.
Conservation Costs
Not applicable.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This percentage shall
reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay under the franchise
agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 49 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.011
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GSLD 1
GENERAL SERVICE-LARGE DEMAND 1
Coincident Peak (CP) Billing Demand
The CP Billing Demand in any month shall be the Customer’s greatest one hour average load as
registered by FPUC’s demand meter coincident with the FPUC System Peak or the Wholesale Energy
Providers System Peak for the purposes as described below:
1) FPUC System Peak for the purpose of determining the Generation Demand Fuel Charge. The
demand may be adjusted to correct to 90% power factor based on billing from Wholesale Energy
Provider.
2) FPUC System Peak for the purpose of determining the Excess Reactive Demand Charge.
3) Wholesale Energy Providers System Peak for the purpose of determining the Transmission Demand
Charge. The demand may be adjusted to correct to 95% power factor based on billing from Wholesale
Energy Provider.
Maximum Demand (Non-Coincident Peak (NCP) Billing Demand)
The Maximum Demand (NCP Billing Demand) (Transmission Demand Charge) in any month shall be
the Customer’s greatest one hour average load as registered by FPUC’s demand meter, but not less than
5,000 KW. This will be used as the purchased power value for billing purposed during the year and
will be trued-up annually.
Excess Reactive Demand
The Excess Reactive Demand in any month shall be any lagging kVar in excess of one-half of the CP
Billing Demand in that month. For the purpose of determining the Excess Reactive Demand charge,
the CP Billing Demand will be coincident with the FPUC System Peak.
Coincident Peak (CP) Generation Demand Fuel Charge (Purchased Power Charge)
The Generation Demand Fuel Charge recovers the Wholesale Energy Providers Demand Charge for
Generation Services billed to FPUC including system line losses and applicable taxes. The charge is
applied to the Customer’s CP Billing Demand coincident with the FPUC System Peak.
Transmission Contract Demand Fuel Charge (Purchased Power Charge)
The Transmission Demand Fuel Charge recovers the Wholesale Energy Providers Demand Charge for
Transmission Services billed to FPUC including system line losses and applicable taxes. The charge
is applied to the Customer’s CP Billing Demand or cogeneration output coincident with the Wholesale
Providers system Peak, whichever is higher.
Energy Charge (Purchased Power Charge)
The Energy Charge recovers the Energy Charge from the Wholesale Energy Provider and Wholesale
Cogeneration Energy Provider including system line losses and applicable taxes.
Term of Service
Contract for service hereunder shall be for a period of not less than one year.
Terms and Conditions
Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 50 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.012
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 51 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Second Revised Sheet No. 7.013
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.013
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE LS
LIGHTING SERVICE
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Calhoun, Jackson and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to any Customer for non-metered outdoor lighting service.
Character of Service
Lighting service from dusk to dawn as described herein.
Limitations of Service
Service is limited to lighting by high-pressure sodium vapor, metal halide, or light emitting diode
lamps mounted on Company-owned poles as described herein. Company-owned facilities will be
installed only on Company-owned poles.
Monthly Rate
When lighting fixtures are mounted on existing poles and served directly from existing overhead
secondary distribution lines:
Type Lamp Size KWH/Mo. Facilities Maintenance* Energy Total
Facility Lumens Watts Estimate Charge Charge Charge Charge
High Pressure Sodium Lights (CLOSED TO NEW CUSTOMERS)
Acorn 16,000 150 61 $23.10 $2.92 $3.74 $29.76
ALN 440 16,000 150 61 $32.93 $3.89 $3.74 $40.56
Amer. Rev. 9,500 100 41 $11.34 $3.86 $2.53 $17.73
Amer. Rev. 16,000 150 61 $10.61 $3.90 $3.74 $18.25
Cobra Head 9,500 100 41 $8.50 $2.47 $2.53 $13.50
Cobra Head 22,000 200 81 $11.47 $2.97 $5.00 $19.44
Cobra Head 28,500 250 101 $13.65 $3.90 $6.22 $23.77
Cobra Head 50,000 400 162 $12.74 $3.25 $10.02 $26.01
Flood 28,500 250 101 $13.34 $2.84 $6.22 $22.40
Flood 50,000 400 162 $20.94 $2.66 $10.02 $33.62
Flood 130,000 1,000 405 $26.23 $3.52 $24.98 $54.73
SP2 Spectra 9,500 100 41 $29.11 $3.63 $2.53 $35.27
Metal Halide Lights (CLOSED TO NEW CUSTOMERS)
ALN 440 16,000 175 71 $31.51 $3.06 $4.42 $38.99
Flood 50,000 400 162 $14.22 $2.59 $10.02 $26.83
Flood 130,000 1,000 405 $24.18 $3.43 $24.98 $52.59
Shoebox 16,000 175 71 $26.61 $3.44 $4.42 $34.47
Shoebox 28,500 250 101 $28.32 $3.85 $6.22 $38.39
SP2 Spectra 9,500 100 41 $28.89 $3.52 $2.53 $34.94
Vertical Shoebox 130,000 1,000 405 $29.86 $3.89 $24.98 $58.73
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 52 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Second Revised Sheet No. 7.014
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.014
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE LS
LIGHTING SERVICE
Light Emitting Diode Lights
Type Charges
Lamp Size Est.
Facility Type Facilities Maintenance Energy Total
Lumens Watts KWH/Mo.
50W Outdoor Light (100W Equivalent) 50 17 $7.72 $2.44 $1.05 $11.21
5,682
50W Cobra Head (100W Equivalent) 50 17 $9.75 $3.03 $1.05 $13.83
5,944
82W Cobra Head (200W Equivalent) 82 28 $9.13 $2.85 $1.73 $13.71
9,600
130W Cobra Head (250W Equivalent) 130 45 $9.09 $2.84 $2.76 $14.69
14,571
210W Cobra Head (400W Equivalent) 210 72 $15.89 $4.64 $4.43 $24.96
28,653
26W American Revolution Decorative
26 9 $9.13 $3.19 $0.55 $12.87
(100W Equivalent) 2,650
44W American Revolution Decorative
44 15 $9.05 $3.16 $0.93 $13.14
(150W Equivalent) 4,460
90W Acorn Decorative (150W
90 31 $13.07 $4.35 $1.92 $19.34
Equivalent) 10,157
60W Post Top Decorative (150W
60 21 $23.16 $7.33 $1.29 $31.78
Equivalent) 7,026
80W Flood (250W Equivalent) 80 27 $12.67 $3.99 $1.67 $18.33
12,500
170W Flood (400W Equivalent) 170 58 $12.67 $3.99 $3.58 $20.24
24,000
150W Flood (350W Equivalent) 20,686 150 52 $12.67 $3.99 $3.20 $19.86
290 W Flood (1,000W Equivalent) 290 100 $12.67 $3.99 $6.16 $22.82
38,500
82W Shoe Box (175W Equivalent)
20,500 23 276 $11.17 $3.79 $3.20 $18.16
131W Shoe Box (250W Equivalent) 131 45 $12.58 $4.21 $2.76 $19.55
17,144
Charges for other Company-owned facilities:
1) 30’ Wood Pole $5.65
2) 40’ Wood Pole Std $12.58
3) 18’ Fiberglass Round $11.71
4) 13’ Decorative Concrete $16.59
5) 20’ Decorative Concrete $19.25
6) 35’ Concrete Square $18.58
7) 10’ Deco Base Aluminum $21.77
8) 30’ Wood Pole Std $6.28
For the poles shown above that are served from an underground system, the Company will provide up to
one hundred (100) feet of conductor to service each fixture. The Customer will provide and install the
necessary conduit system to Company specifications.
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted annually by the Florida Public Service Commission. For current
purchased power costs included in the tariff, see Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Minimum Bill
The above rates times the number of lamps connected.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 53 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.015
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE LS
LIGHTING SERVICE
Terms of Payment
Bills are rendered net and are due and payable within twenty (20) days from date of bill.
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Conservation Costs
See Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of
a percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This
percentage shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to
pay under the franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is
located.
Term of Service
Service under this rate schedule shall be by written contract for a period of five or more years.
Terms and Conditions
1. Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
2. The charges set forth above cover the initial installation of overhead lines, poles and fixture
assembly including bracket, and the maintenance duty as limited to lamp renewals due to burn outs
only, or the repair or replacement of equipment causing lamps not to be illuminated.
The Company will repair or replace malfunctioning lighting fixtures maintained by the company
in accordance with Section 768.1382, Florida Statues (2005). Maintenance duty to be undertaken
by Florida Public Utilities Company is limited to lamp renewal due to burn outs only, or the repair
or replacement of equipment causing lamps not to be illuminated. Such burnt out lamp
replacements or repairs causing non-illumination of lamps will be performed only during regular
daytime working hours as soon as practical after notification of the burn out or non-illumination
conditions of the lamp by the Customer. The maintenance duties undertaken herein are expressly
limited to our paying Customer and are not to be deemed to create a duty to the general public at
large.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 54 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Second Revised Sheet No. 7.016
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.016
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE OSL
MERCURY VAPOR LIGHTING SERVICE
(Closed To New Installations)
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Calhoun, Jackson and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to any Customer for mercury vapor lighting service.
Character of Service
Lighting service from dusk to dawn as described herein.
Limitations of Service
Service is limited to lighting by mercury vapor lamps of 7,000 or 20,000 initial level of lumens mounted
on wood poles, as described herein.
Monthly Rate
When lighting fixtures are mounted on existing poles and served directly from existing overhead
secondary distribution lines:
Lamp Size KWH/Mo. Facilities Maintenance* Energy Total
Lumens Estimate Charge Charge Charge Charge
7,000 72 $1.63 $1.45 $4.34 $7.42
20,000 154 $1.79 $1.55 $9.33 $12.67
For concrete or fiberglass poles and/or underground conductors, etcetera, the Customer shall pay a lump
sum amount equal to the estimated differential cost between the special system and the equivalent overhead-
wood pole system.
Purchased Power
Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the Florida Public Service Commission, normally each year in
January. For current purchased power costs included in the tariff, see Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Minimum Bill
The above rates times the number of lamps connected.
Terms of Payment
Bills are rendered net and are due and payable within twenty (20) days from date of bill.
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Calhoun, Jackson and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to any Customer for mercury vapor lighting service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 55 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.017
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE OSL
MERCURY VAPOR LIGHTING SERVICE
(Closed To New Installations)
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Conservation Costs
See Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This percentage
shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay under the
franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Terms of Service
Service under this rate schedule shall be by written contract for a period of two or more years.
Terms and Conditions
1. Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
2. The charges set forth above cover the initial installation of overhead lines, poles and fixture
assembly including bracket, and maintenance duty as limited including lamp renewals due to
burn outs only, or the repair or replacement of equipment causing lamps not to be illuminated.
Such burnt out lamp replacements or repairs causing non-illumination of lamps will be performed
as soon as practical after notification of the burnt out lamp or non-illumination by patrols made by
company personnel or the Customer. However, Company shall not be required to replace existing
street lighting fixtures for Customers receiving service under this rate.
* The Company will repair or replace malfunctioning lighting fixtures maintained by the company in
accordance with Section 768.1382, Florida Statues (2005). Maintenance duty to be undertaken by
Florida Public Utilities Company is limited to lamp renewal due to burn outs only, or the repair or
replacement of equipment causing lamps not to be illuminated. Such burnt out lamp replacements or
repairs causing non-illumination of lamps will be performed during regular daytime working hours
as soon as practical after notification of the burn out or non-illumination conditions of the lamp by the
Customer. The maintenance duties undertaken herein are expressly limited to our paying Customer
and are not to be deemed to create a duty to the general public at large.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 56 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.018
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT RIDER PROGRAM-EDRP
Availability:
This Economic Development Rate Program (the "Program") is available throughout the entire
territory served by Florida Public Utilities Company. The Qualifying load and employment
requirements under this Rider must be achieved at the same delivery point. Additional metering
equipment may be required for service under this Rider.
Application:
This Program is applicable to new electric load associated with:
(1) Initial permanent service to new commercial and industrial establishments.
(2) Commercial or industrial space that has been vacant for more than six months prior
to the application for service under the Program. Verification of vacancy will be
established by evidence of no or minimal electric load during the time period in
question.
(3) The expansion of existing establishments. For existing establishments, new load
is the net incremental load above that which existed prior to approval for service
under this Program.
The new load applicable under this Program for new and vacant establishments must be a minimum
of 200 kW at a single delivery point. In the case of the expansion of existing facilities, the added new
load must be a minimum of 100 kW, however, in order to qualify, the total load after the addition of
the new load must be a minimum of 200 kW at a single delivery point. To qualify for service under
this Program, the Customer must employ an additional work force of at least 10 full-time employees
at the delivery point to which the load is added.
In order to take service under the Program, the Customer must provide sufficient evidence to Florida
Public Utilities Company to establish that the availability of the Program is a significant factor in the
Customer's location or expansion decision.
Initial application for this Program is not available to existing load. However, if a change in
ownership occurs after the Customer contracts for service under this Program, the successor
Customer may be allowed to fulfill the balance of the contract under the Program and continue the
schedule of credits outlined below.
This Program is not available for load shifted from one establishment or delivery point on the Florida
Public Utilities system to another on the Florida Public Utilities system.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 57 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.019
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT RIDER PROGRAM-EDRP (Continued)
Monthly Rate:
The rates and all other terms and conditions of the Customer's otherwise applicable rate schedule shall be
applicable under this Program. A credit based on the percentages below will be applied to the demand charges
and non-fuel (base) energy charges of the Customer's otherwise applicable rate schedule associated with the
Customer's new load:
Year 1 - 20% reduction
Year 2 - 15% reduction
Year 3 - 10% reduction
Year 4 - 5% reduction
Year 5 - 0% reduction
The above credit will be deducted from the monthly electric bill as computed in accordance with the provisions
of the Monthly Rate section of the Customer's applicable rate schedule before application of any discounts or
adjustments. All other charges including the Customer charge and energy conservation charge will be based
on the Customer's otherwise applicable rate. The otherwise applicable rates may be any of the following: GSD,
GSLD, or GSLD1.
Term of service:
The Customer agrees to a five-year contract term. Service under this Program will terminate at the end of the
fifth year. Florida Public Utilities Company may terminate service under this Program at any time if the
Customer fails to comply with the terms and conditions of this Program. Failure to: 1) maintain the level of
employment specified in the Customer's Service Agreement and/or 2) purchase from Florida Public Utilities
the amount of load specified in the Customer's Service Agreement will be considered grounds for termination.
If Florida Public Utilities Company terminates service under the Program for the Customer's failure to comply
with its provisions, or if the Customer opts to terminate service under the Program, the Customer will be placed
on their applicable rate schedule with no future discounts or rate reductions.
Service under this Rider is subject to the Rules and Regulations of the Company and the Florida Public Service
Commission.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 58 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.020
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT RIDE PROGRAM-EDRP
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT RIDER PROGRAM- EDRP
Service Agreement
The Customer is applying for service under the Economic Development Rate Program based upon new or expanded
load as indicated below (Check one):
□
New Load associated with a new commercial or industrial establishment
□
New Load established in commercial or industrial space that has been vacant for more than six months
□
Expanded Load associated with an existing establishment
CUSTOMER NAME
SERVICE ADDRESS
TYPE OF BUSINESS
The Customer hereto agrees as follows:
1. For new and vacant establishments, a minimum of 200 kW of measured demand must be added at a single
delivery point.
2. For existing establishments that are expanding, a minimum of 100 kW of measured demand must be added at a
single delivery point, and the total measured demand after the addition of the new load must be a minimum of
200 kW.
3. In all cases, the Customer must employ an additional work force of at least 10 full-time employees at the delivery
point to which the load is added.
4. That the quantity of new or expanded load shall be 200KW of Demand.
5. The nature of this new or expanded load is
6. That in the case of a new Customer adding load to vacant facilities, the commercial/industrial space associated
with the new load has been vacant for more than six months.
7. In case of early termination, the Customer shall repay Florida Public Utilities all of the credits provided under
the Program to date.
8. To initiate service under this Program on ______________________,________ and terminate service under this
Program on ______________________,__________. This shall constitute a period of five years.
9. To provide verification that the availability for this Program is a significant factor in the Customer's
location/expansion decision.
10. If a change in ownership occurs after the Customer contracts for service under this Program, the successor
Customer may be allowed to fulfill the balance of the contract under the Program and continue the schedule of
credits.
11. That in the case of new load established in a vacant facility to provide verification that there is no affiliation with
any prior occupant.
Signed: Accepted by: Florida Public Utilities Company
Title: Title:
Date: Date:
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 59 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff First Revised Sheet No. 7.021
Original Volume No. II Cancels Original Sheet No. 7.021
RATE ADJUSTMENT RIDER – NORTHWEST FLORIDA DIVISION
Applicability
Electric service under all rate schedules for the Northwest Florida Division, which specify that rates are
subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of the Company's Rate Adjustment Rider.
Total Purchased Power Cost Recovery Clause
The total purchased power cost adjustment shall be applied to each kilowatt hour delivered and shall be
computed in accordance with the formula prescribed by the Florida Public Service commission. The total
purchased power cost adjustment for the period January 1, 2026 through December 31, 2026 is as follows:
Rate Class Rate Schedule Levelized Adjustment
Residential (1st 1000 KWH’s) RS 8.820ȼ / KWH
Residential (above 1000 KWH’s) RS 10.070ȼ / KWH
General Service GS 9.206ȼ / KWH
General Service-Demand GSD 8.861ȼ / KWH
Lighting Service LS 7.818ȼ / KWH
General Service-Large Demand GSLD 8.711ȼ / KWH
General Service-Large Demand 1 GSLD 1 Not Applicable
At This Time
Energy Conservation Cost Recovery Clause
Each base energy rate per KWH of the above rate schedules for the period January 1, 2026 through
December 31, 2026 shall be increased by 0 .321 ¢/KWH of sales to recover conservation related
expenditures by the Company. This adjustment is determined in accordance with the formula and
procedures specified by the Florida Public Service Commission.
The Energy Conservation Cost Recovery Clause will not apply to the GSLD-1 rate class.
Tax Cost Recovery
There will be added to all bills rendered for electric service a proportionate share of all license fees and
taxes imposed by any governmental authorities after November 1, 1946, to an extent sufficient to cover
excess increased taxes or license fees.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: JAN 01 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 60 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff First Revised Sheet No. 7.022
Original Volume No. II Cancels Original Sheet No. 7.022
RATE ADJUSTMENT RIDER – NORTHEAST FLORIDA DIVISION
Applicability
Electric service under all rate schedules for the Northeast Florida Division which specify that rates are
subject to adjustment in accordance with the provisions of the Company’s Rate Adjustment Rider.
Total Purchased Power Cost Recovery Clause
The total purchased power cost adjustment shall be applied to each kilowatt hour delivered and shall be
computed in accordance with the formula prescribed by the Florida Public Service Commission. The
total purchased power cost adjustment for the period January 1, 2026 through December 31, 2026 is as
follows:
Rate Class Rate Schedule Levelized Adjustment
Residential (1st 1000 KWH’s) RS 8.820ȼ / KWH
Residential (above 1000 KWH’s) RS 10.070ȼ / KWH
General Service GS 9.206ȼ / KWH
General Service –Demand GSD 8.861ȼ / KWH
General Service –Large Demand GSLD 8.711ȼ / KWH
Lighting Service LS 7.818ȼ / KWH
General Service Large Demand 1 GSLD 1 Generation Demand $14.11 / KW*
(Over 100,000 KW billed annually)
General Service Large Demand 1 GSLD 1 Generation Demand $10.77 / KW*
(Under 100,000 KW billed annually)
Standby SB 0.000$ / KW
*Estimated for informational purposes only,
Monthly rate will be billed at actual cost.
Energy Conservation Cost Recovery Clause
Each base energy rate per KWH of the above rate schedules for the period January 1, 2026 through
December 31, 2026 shall be increased by 0.321 ȼ / KWH of sales to recover conservation related
expenditures by the Company. This adjustment is determined in accordance with the formula and
procedures specified by the Florida Public Service Commission.
The Energy Conservation Cost Recovery Clause will not apply to the GSLD-1 rate class.
Tax Recovery
There will be added to all bills rendered for electric service a proportionate share of all license fees and
taxes imposed by any governmental authorities after January 1, 1945, to an extent sufficient to cover
excess increased taxes or license fee.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: JAN 01 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 61 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.023
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
NON-FIRM ENERGY PROGRAM NFEP-EXP (EXPERIMENTAL) - CLOSED
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun, and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County. This service is limited to Customers in the GSLD1 or Standby
rate class. The Rate Schedule is closed to new Customers and shall expire within 90 days written notice
by the Company to participating Customers and will expire in its entirety by September 1, 2025.
Applicability
Applicable to Customers which are self-generators with dispatchable generation and are eligible for
Rate Schedule GSLD1 or Standby, or who have executed a Special Contract approved by the
Commission. Eligible Customers would nominate, in accordance with the procedures outlined below,
an amount of electric load they commit to purchase that is above and in addition to the Customer’s
established baseline. Non-Firm (NF) Energy nominations must be made in 1,000 KW increments and
is currently limited to a minimum of 1,000 kW and maximum of 15,000 kW. The Customer is not
obligated to nominate NF Energy for any specific period but must nominate a minimum of 1,500 MWh
per year.
The default period for NF Energy nominations will be 7 days. Nominations for longer periods, e.g.
monthly, will be made available when market conditions warrant. The same procedure for nominations
and acceptance will apply to all periods. Customer may nominate NF Energy for on-peak hours, off-
peak hours, or all hours. On-peak hours are Hour Ending (H.E.) 08:00 to H.E 23:00 weekdays and off-
peak hours are H.E. 24:00 to HE 07:00 and all hours on weekends and established holidays. Times
shown are Eastern Standard or Daylight Savings time. On-peak and off-peak hours are subject to
change.
Once the Company confirms the Customer’s nomination, the Customer is obligated to pay for all NF
Energy nominated at the offered rate regardless of whether the Customer takes all NF Energy
nominated for the month, unless recalled in accordance with NF Recall provisions.
Monthly Rate
The rates and all other terms and conditions of the Customer’s otherwise applicable rate schedule shall
be applicable under this program.
All NF Energy shall be charged at the hourly price, in $/MWh, as offered by the Company. Once
nominated by the Customer and accepted by the Company, the Customer is responsible to pay the full
NF Energy Charge for the nomination period regardless of whether the Customer takes all NF Energy
nominated for the month. Any purchases that exceed the combined total of the Customer’s baseline and
NF Energy nominations will be billed based on the Customer’s otherwise applicable rate. The NF
Energy charges are in addition to the charges based on the Customers otherwise applicable rate.
Monthly NF Administrative Charge:
$0.00 per Customer per month
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 62 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.024
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
NON-FIRM ENERGY PROGRAM NFEP-EXP (EXPERIMENTAL) - CLOSED
Monthly NF Demand Charge:
$0.00 per kW of NF demand
Monthly Rate
NF Energy Charge:
Amount as offered and accepted for each nomination
Monthly NF Demand
The Monthly NF Demand shall equal the maximum hour of NF Energy nominated by the Customer for
the calendar month.
Minimum Monthly Bill
The Minimum Monthly Bill shall consist of the Monthly NF Administrative Charge plus applicable
taxes and fees.
Term of Service
The Customer agrees to a minimum of 12 months of service under the Program. Service will continue
thereafter until the Customer submits to the Company a written notice of termination. Service will
discontinue at the end of the calendar month that notice of termination is received.
Nomination and Acceptance Procedure
1. By 10:00 AM each Friday, or when NF Energy is available, the Company will provide the Customer
with NF Energy price quotations for the following period beginning 0:00 (midnight) the following
Sunday (time period is Monday 00:00 – Sunday 24:00).
2. The Customer will submit a NF Energy nomination schedule to the Company by 2:00 PM of the
same day that the offer is submitted.
3. NF Energy nominations are accepted once the Company confirms receipt of the nomination. The
Company will then schedule delivery of the NF Energy, if any, beginning 0:00 (midnight) the
following Sunday.
Nomination Recall Provisions:
Once accepted, nominations by Customer may only be withdrawn if a Force Majeure is declared. A
Force Majeure may be declared by the Customer if the Customer’s equipment suffers major failure
such that the Customer is prevented from taking the NF Energy. In such case, the Customer will notify
the Company’s designated contact by approved method as soon as condition is known and the Company
will attempt to withdraw the scheduled delivery of NF Energy. If possible, the Customer will no longer
be responsible for purchasing the balance of NF Energy nominated during the event. Customer may
declare Force Majeure a maximum of once per month.
Company may terminate NF Energy delivery at any time due to system emergencies or unusual pricing
by notifying Customer of such termination, and Company has no obligation to deliver NF Energy.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 63 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff First Revised Sheet No. 7.025
Original Volume No. II Cancels Original Sheet No. 7.025
STORM PROTECTION PLAN COST RECOVERY CLAUSE
Applicability
Electric service under all rate schedules.
Storm Protection Plan Cost Recovery Clause
The Storm Protection Plan Cost Recovery (SPPCRC) Factors shall be applied to the Customer’s total
kilowatt hour billed. This factor is designed to recover expenditures incurred by the Company related
to the protection and hardening of the grid from storms and other extreme weather events. This
adjustment is determined in accordance with the formula and procedures prescribed by the Florida
Public Service Commission as set forth in Rule 25-6.031, F.A.C.
The total Storm Protection Plan Cost Recovery factors for the period January 1, 2026 through December
31, 2026 are as follows:
Rate Schedule SPP Factors per KWH
Residential 1.656ȼ / KWH
General Service 2.182ȼ / KWH
General Service Demand 1.093ȼ / KWH
General Service Large Demand 0.700ȼ / KWH
Industrial/Standby 4.156ȼ / KWH
Lighting Service 18.541ȼ / KWH
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: JAN 01 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 64 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.026
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STORM RECOVERY SURCHARGE
Hurricanes Michael Surcharge:
Applicability:
Electric service under all rate schedules.
Description:
This surcharge is for recovery of storm costs and will be recovered from November 2020 through December
2025.
Rate Class – GSLD-1 - $190,208 total, annually to be allocated across the GSLD-1 rate class.
All other Rate Schedules - The surcharge of 1.280¢/ KWH will be applied to each kilowatt hour billed from
November 2020 through December 2025.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 65 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.000
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INDEX OF STANDARD FORMS
Extension of Facilities Agreement EFA 8.001
Deposit of Facilities Agreement DFA 8.003
Interconnection of Customer Owned-Renewable 8.005
Generation Systems Application
8.007
Reserved for Future Use
Standard Interconnection Agreement 8.008
Tier 1 Renewable Generation Systems
Standard Interconnection Agreement 8.009
Tier 2 Renewable Generation Systems
Standard Interconnection Agreement 8.017
Tier 3 Renewable Generation Systems
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 66 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.001
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STANDARD FORMS
EXTENSION OF FACILITIES AGREEMENT
FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMPANY
EXTENSION OF FACILITIES AGREEMENT
This Agreement, executed in duplicate as of the day of , 20 , by and between
Florida Public Utilities Company, a Florida Corporation, hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, party
of the first part, and hereinafter referred to as the “Customer”, party of the second part,
witnesseth:
Whereas, the Customer is desirous of securing an extension or increase of the facilities of the
Company as hereinafter described; and whereas, the Company is willing to make such extension or
increase;
Now, therefore, in consideration of the respective and mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein and hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree with each other as follows:
1. The Company will extend or increase its facilities as follows:
The Company will commence the extension or increase of its facilities forthwith after the execution of this
Agreement and use its best efforts to complete the extension or increase of its facilities as soon as reasonably
possible; provided, however, that the parties expressly agree that the Company shall not be liable or
responsible for any delay caused by or resulting from shortages or unavailability of material or labor, or
from any other hindrance or delay beyond the control of the Company.
2. To compensate the Company for the cost and expense of the aforesaid extension or increase of
its facilities, the Customer simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement has paid to the Company
the sum of $ , the receipt of which hereby is acknowledged by the Company. The parties agree that
said sum was paid by the Customer to and received by the Company without the right of any rebate, credit,
reduction or adjustment in favor of either party.
3. The parties agree that the Company shall at all times have title to and keep ownership and control
in and over the aforesaid extended or increased facilities, including but not limited to all new materials and
equipment installed therein; and the parties agree further that the Company shall have the sole and exclusive
right to use the extended or increased facilities for the purpose of serving other Customers of the Company.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 67 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.002
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STANDARD FORMS
EXTENSION OF FACILITIES AGREEMENT (Continued)
4. After the extension or increase of the facilities described above, the Customer agrees that subject
to all applicable terms, provisions, rights, duties and penalties, the Customer will in the usual manner and
at the usual times pay for the utilities and services delivered to the Customer by means of the extended or
increased facilities at the regular franchise or at special contract rates, whichever is applicable.
5. The parties agree that no representation, warranty, conditions or agreement of any kind or
nature whatsoever shall be binding upon either of the parties hereto unless incorporated in this Agreement;
and the parties agree further that this Agreement covers and includes the entire agreement between the
parties. The parties agree that all covenants and agreements contained herein shall extend to, be obligatory
upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal representatives, successors
and assigns; provided, however, that the Customer may not transfer or assign all or any part of this
Agreement or any right which he may obtain hereunder without first obtaining the written consent of the
Company.
In witness whereof, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
hereinbefore first written.
Customer ________________________________ FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMPANY
By _____________________________________ By _________________________________
Title Its Agent
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 68 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.003
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STANDARD FORMS
DEPOSIT OF FACILITIES AGREEMENT
FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMPANY
DEPOSIT OF FACILITIES AGREEMENT
This Agreement, executed in duplicate as of the day of , 20 , by and
between Florida Public Utilities Company, a Florida Corporation, hereinafter referred to as the “Company”,
party of the first part, and hereinafter referred to as the “Customer”, party of the second
part, witnesseth:
Whereas, the Customer is desirous of securing an extension or increase of the facilities of the
Company as hereinafter described; and whereas, the Company is willing to make such extension or
increase;
Now, therefore, in consideration of the respective and mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein and hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree with each other as follows:
1. The Company will extend or increase its facilities as follows:
The Company will commence the extension or increase of its facilities forthwith after the execution of this
Agreement and use its best efforts to complete the extension or increase of its facilities as soon as reasonably
possible; provided, however, that the parties expressly agree that the Company shall not be liable or
responsible for any delay caused by or resulting from shortages or unavailability of material or labor, or
from any other hindrance or delay beyond the control of the Company.
2. To compensate the Company for the cost and expense of the aforesaid extension or increase of
its facilities in accordance with the Company’s Rules and Regulations for extensions, the Customer
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement has paid to the Company the sum of $ , the receipt
of which hereby is acknowledged by the Company. The parties agree that said sum was paid by the
Customer to and received by the Company in accordance with the Company’s Rules and Regulations for
service requiring extension of facilities within the service area of the Company in
__________________ County, Florida. The Company’s Rules and Regulations as filed with and approved
by the Florida Public Service Commission are made a part of this Agreement.
3. The parties agree that the Company shall at all times have title to and keep ownership and control
in and over the aforesaid extended or increased
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 69 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.004
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STANDARD FORMS
DEPOSIT OF FACILITIES AGREEMENT (Continued)
facilities, including but not limited to all new materials and equipment installed therein; and the parties
agree further that the Company shall have the sole and exclusive right to use the extended or increased
facilities for the purpose of serving other Customers of the Company.
4. After the extension or increase of the facilities described above, the Customer agrees that subject
to all applicable terms, provisions, rights, duties and penalties, the Customer will in the usual manner and
at the usual times pay for the utilities and services delivered to the Customer by means of the extended or
increased facilities in accordance with the Company’s tariffs filed with and approved by the Florida Public
Service Commission.
5. The parties agree that no representation, warranty, conditions or agreement of any kind or nature
whatsoever shall be binding upon either of the parties hereto unless incorporated in this Agreement;
and the parties agree further that this Agreement covers and includes the entire agreement between
the parties. The parties agree that all covenants and agreements contained herein shall extend to, be
obligatory upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, legal
representatives, successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Customer may not transfer or
assign all or any part of this Agreement or any right which he may obtain hereunder without first
obtaining the written consent of the Company.
In witness whereof, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
hereinbefore first written.
Customer ____________________________________ FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMPANY
By _________________________________________ By __________________________________
Title Its Agent
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 70 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.005
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STANDARD FORMS / APPLICATION
INTERCONNECTION OF CUSTOMER-OWNED
RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS APPLICATION
INTERCONNECTION OF CUSTOMER OWNED RENEWABLE
GENERATION SYSTEMS
TIER 1 – 10 KW or Less
TIER 2 – Greater than 10 KW and Less Than or Equal to 100 KW
TIER 3 – Greater than 100 KW and Less Than or Equal to 2 MW
Florida Public Utilities Company Customers who install Customer-owned renewable generation systems and
desire to interconnect those facilities with the FPUC electrical system are required to complete this application.
This application can be obtained from the local FPU office or can be downloaded from the FPUC website
(www.fpuc.com). When the completed application and fees are returned to FPUC, the process of completing
the appropriate Tier 1, Tier 2 or Tier 3 Interconnection Agreement can begin. The Interconnection Agreements
may be obtained at the local FPUC office. Details for interconnection agreements may be found as defined in
Rule 25-6.065, Florida Administrative Code or within the Florida Public Utilities Company Interconnection
Agreement.
1. Customer Information
Name: _______________________________________________________________________
Mailing Address: _______________________________________________________________
City: ________________________________ State: ________Zip Code: ___________________
Phone Number: __________________Alternate Phone Number: _________________________
Email Address: __________________________Fax Number: ___________________________
2. Facility Information
Facility Location: ______________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________
FPUC Account Number (if available): ______________________________________________
Manufacturers Name/Address: ____________________________________________________
______________________________________________________
Reference or Model Number: ____________________________________________________
Serial Number: ________________________________________________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 71 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.006
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION OF CUSTOMER-OWNED
RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS APPLICATION (Continued)
3. Facility Rating Information
Gross Power Rating: _____________________ (“Gross power rating” means the total manufacturer’s AC
nameplate generating capacity of an on-site Customer-owned renewable generation system that will be
interconnected to and operate in parallel with the investor-owned utility’s distribution facilities. For
inverter-based systems, the AC nameplate generating capacity shall be calculated by multiplying the total
installed DC nameplate generating capacity by .85 in order to account for losses during the conversion from
DC to AC.
Fuel or Energy Source: _____________________
Anticipated In- Service Date: ________________
4. Application Fee
The application fee is based on the Gross Power Rating and must be submitted with this application. There
is no application fee for Tier 1 installations. The non-refundable application fee is $350 for Tier 2 and Tier
3 installations.
5. Interconnection Study Fee
For Tier 3 installations that require an interconnection study, as determined by the Company, the Customer
will pay $2,000 prior to the initiation of the interconnection study. The total cost to the Customer will not
exceed this amount. Should the actual interconnection study cost be less than $2,000 the Customer will be
refunded the difference.
6. Required Documentation
Before the Interconnection Agreement may become effective, the Documentation listed in this Section must
be provided to the Company by the Customer. The Documentation listed does not need to accompany the
Application but must be received before the Interconnection Agreement will be executed by the Company.
A. Documentation that the installation complies with:
1. IEEE 1547 (2003) Standard for Interconnecting Distributed Resources with
Electric Power Systems.
2. IEEE 1547.1 (2005) Standard Conformance Test Procedures for Equipment
Interconnecting Distributed Resources with Electric Power Systems.
3. UL 1741 (2005) Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interconnection System
Equipment for Use with Distributed Energy Resources.
B. Documentation that the Customer-owned renewable generation has been inspected and
approved by local code officials prior to its operation in parallel with the Company system
to ensure compliance with applicable local codes.
C. Proof of general liability insurance for Tier 2 generators ($1,000,000) or Tier 3 generators
($2,000,000). Not required for Tier 1 generators.
D. Copy of any lease agreements if the Customer is leasing facility from third party.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 72 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.007
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 73 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.008
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STANDARD FORMS
STANDARD INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT - TIER 1
STANDARD INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW OR LESS)
This agreement made and entered into as of this day of ________________________________,
____________ by and between _____________________ hereinafter known at the “Customer” and
Florida Public Utilities Company hereinafter know as the “Company”. This agreement is made in
accordance with Florida Public Commission Rule 25-6.065 F.A.C., Interconnection and Net
Metering of Customer-Owned Renewable Generation and under the terms and conditions as
approved by the Florida Public Service Commission pursuant to Rule 25-6.065(3), F.A.C.
1. The Customer’s renewable generation system is within the Company service territory and is
located at:
___________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________
and should be installed and operational by:
__________________________, ____________.
2. Customer will ensure the installation will meet or exceed all requirements noted below, will
provide the Company with reasonable notification prior to the operation of the system and
will assist the Company in verifying that the installation complies with the agreement prior
to operating in parallel with the Company’s electric system.
3. The Customer’s renewable generation system is described as follows:
a. Equipment Manufacturers Name and Address:
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
b. Manufacturers Reference Number, Serial Number, Type, Style, Model, Etc.
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
c. Name Plate Rating (KW and Voltage):
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 74 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.009
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW OR LESS)
(Continued)
4. Standard Interconnection Agreement Requirements – To qualify for expedited interconnection as a
Tier 1 generator pursuant to Rule 25-6.065, F.A.C., the Facility must:
(a) Comply with IEEE 1547 (2003) Standard for Interconnecting Distributed
Resources with Electric Power Systems.
(b) Comply with IEEE 1547.1 (2005) Standard Conformance Test Procedures for Equipment
Interconnecting Distributed Resources with Electric Power Systems.
(c) Comply with UL 1741 (2005) Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interconnection
System Equipment for Use With Distributed Energy Resources.
(d) Have a Gross Power Rating that does not exceed 90% of the Customer’s utility distribution
service rating.
(e) Have a Gross Power Rating of 10 KW or less.
5. Customer Qualifications and Fees – The Customer shall comply with the following to qualify as a
Tier 1 generator pursuant to Rule 25-6.065, F.A.C.:
(a) Customer-owned renewable generation shall be considered certified for interconnected
operation if it has been submitted by a manufacturer to a nationally recognized
testing and certification laboratory, and has been tested and listed by the laboratory
for continuous interactive operation with an electric distribution system in
compliance with the applicable codes and standards listed in Section (4).
(b) Customer-owned renewable generation shall include a utility-interactive inverter, or other
device certified pursuant to Section (5) (a) that performs the function of automatically
isolating the Customer-owned generation equipment from the electric grid in the event the
electric grid loses power.
(c) Provided the Customer-owned renewable generation equipment complies with Sections (4)
and (5) (a), (b), the Company shall not require further design review, testing, or additional
equipment other than that provided for in Section (9).
(d) Tier 1 Customers who request interconnection of Customer-owned renewable generation
shall not be charged fees in addition to those charged to other retail Customers without
self-generation, including application fees.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 75 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.010
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW OR LESS)
(Continued)
6. Inspection Requirements – Prior to operating the Customer system in parallel with Company’s
electric system, the Customer will:
(a) Have the Customer-owned renewable generation inspected and approved by local code
officials prior to its operation in parallel with the Company system to ensure compliance with
applicable local codes.
(b) Make provisions that permit the Company to inspect Customer-owned renewable generation
and its component equipment, and the documents necessary to ensure compliance with
Sections (4) and (5). The Customer shall notify the Company at least 10 days prior to initially
placing Customer equipment and protective apparatus in service, and the Company shall have
the right to have personnel present on the in-service date. If the Customer-owned renewable
generation system is subsequently modified in order to increase its gross power rating, the
Customer must notify the Company by submitting a new application specifying the
modifications at least 30 days prior to making the modifications.
(c) Provide for protection of the renewable generating equipment, inverters, protective devices,
and other system components from damage from the normal and abnormal conditions and
operations that occur on the Company system in delivering and restoring power; and is
responsible for ensuring that Customer-owned renewable generation equipment is inspected,
maintained, and tested in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions to ensure that it is
operating correctly and safely.
7. Indemnity for Loss to Third Parties - The Customer shall hold harmless and indemnify the
Company for all loss to third parties resulting from the operation of the Customer-owned
renewable generation, except when the loss occurs due to the negligent actions of the Company.
The Company shall hold harmless and indemnify the Customer for all loss to third parties resulting
from the operation of the Company’s system, except when the loss occurs due to the negligent
actions of the Customer.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 76 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.011
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW OR LESS)
(Continued)
8. Customer Insurance Requirements – The Customer owning a Tier 1 generator is not required by rule
to obtain general liability insurance for damage to persons or property as a result of the operation of
the generator. However, the Company strongly recommends that a Tier 1 Customer carry an
appropriate level of liability insurance.
9. Manual Disconnect Switch - Inverter-based Tier 1 Customer-owned renewable generation systems
shall be exempt from this requirement. However, the Company recommends that the Customer
install, at the Customer’s expense, a manual disconnect switch of the visible load break type to
provide a separation point between the AC power output of the Customer-owned renewable
generation and any Customer wiring connected to the Company’s system. The manual disconnect
switch shall be mounted separate from, but adjacent to, the meter socket and shall be readily
accessible to the Company and capable of being locked in the open position with a single Company
padlock. Should a main disconnect switch not be installed, removal of the electric meter and
disconnection of electric service may be used to isolate the Customer owned generation for the
electric grid.
10. Disconnection From Customer System - The Company may open the manual disconnect switch
pursuant to the conditions set forth below in (10) (a) – (10) (d), isolating the Customer-owned
renewable generation, without prior notice to the Customer. To the extent practicable, however,
prior notice shall be given. If prior notice is not given, the Company shall at the time of
disconnection leave a door hanger notifying the Customer that their Customer-owned renewable
generation has been disconnected, including an explanation of the condition necessitating such
action. The Company shall reconnect the Customer-owned renewable generation as soon as the
condition necessitating disconnection is remedied.
a. Emergencies or maintenance requirements on the Company’s electric system;
b. Hazardous conditions existing on the Company system due to the operation of the
Customer’s generating or protective equipment as determined by the Company;
c. Adverse electrical effects, such as power quality problems, on the electrical equipment of
the Company’s other electric consumers caused by the Customer-owned renewable
generation as determined by the Company;
d. Failure of the Customer to maintain the required insurance coverage (if required).
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 77 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.012
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW OR LESS)
(Continued)
11. Administrative Requirements
(a) The Company shall maintain on its website a downloadable application for interconnection
of Customer-owned renewable generation, detailing the information necessary to execute
the Standard Interconnection Agreement. Upon request the Company shall provide a hard
copy of the application within 5 business days.
(b) Within 10 business days of receipt of the Customer’s application, the Company shall provide
written notice that it has received all documents required by the Standard Interconnection
Agreement or indicate how the application is deficient. Within 10 business days of receipt
of a completed application, the Company shall provide written notice verifying receipt of
the completed application. The written notice shall also include dates for any physical
inspection of the Customer-owned renewable generation necessary for the Company to
confirm compliance with Sections (4) through (10).
(c) The Standard Interconnection Agreement shall be executed by the Company within 30
calendar days of receipt of a completed application.
(d) The Customer must execute the Standard Interconnection Agreement and return it to the
Company at least 30 calendar days prior to beginning parallel operations and within one
year after the utility executes the Agreement. All physical inspections must be completed
by the Company within 30 calendar days of receipt of the Customer’s executed Standard
Interconnection Agreement. If the inspection is delayed at the Customer’s request, the
Customer shall contact the utility to reschedule an inspection. The Company shall
reschedule the inspection within 10 business days of the Customer’s request.
12. Net Metering
(a) The Company shall enable each Customer-owned renewable generation facility
interconnected to the investor-owned utility’s electrical grid pursuant to this rule to net
meter.
(b) The Company shall install, at no additional cost to the Customer, metering equipment at the
point of delivery capable of measuring the difference between the electricity supplied to
the Customer from the investor-owned utility and the electricity generated by the Customer
and delivered to the investor-owned utility’s electric grid.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 78 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.013
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW OR LESS)
(Continued)
12. Net Metering (continued)
(c) Meter readings shall be taken monthly on the same cycle as required under the otherwise
applicable rate schedule.
(d) The Company shall charge for electricity used by the Customer in excess of the generation
supplied by Customer-owned renewable generation in accordance with normal billing
practices.
(e) During any billing cycle, excess Customer-owned renewable generation delivered to the
Company’s electric grid shall be credited to the Customer’s energy consumption for the next
month’s billing cycle.
(f) Energy credits produced pursuant to Section (12) (e) shall accumulate and be used to offset
the Customer’s energy usage in subsequent months for a period of not more than twelve
months. At the end of each calendar year, the Company shall pay the Customer for any
unused energy credits at an average annual rate based on the Company’s COG-1, as-
available energy tariff.
(g) When a Customer leaves the system, that Customer’s unused credits for excess kWh
generated shall be paid to the Customer at an average annual rate based on the Company’s
COG-1, as-available energy tariff.
(h) Regardless of whether excess energy is delivered to the Company’s electric grid, the
Customer shall continue to pay the applicable Customer charge and applicable demand charge
(if applicable) for the maximum measured demand during the billing period. The Company
shall charge for electricity used by the Customer in excess of the generation supplied by
Customer-owned renewable generation at the Company’s otherwise applicable rate schedule.
The Customer may at their sole discretion choose to take service under the Company’s
standby or supplemental service rate, if available.
13. Renewable Energy Certificates - Customers shall retain any Renewable Energy Certificates
associated with the electricity produced by their Customer-owned renewable generation
equipment. Any additional meters necessary for measuring the total renewable electricity
generated for the purposes of receiving Renewable Energy Certificates shall be installed at
the Customer’s expense, unless otherwise determined during negotiations for the sale of the
Customer’s Renewable Energy Certificates to the Company.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 79 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.014
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW OR LESS)
(Continued)
14. Change of Ownership – This agreement shall not be assigned or transferred without prior written
consent of the Company. Should there be a change in ownership; the Customer shall provide
the Company with 30 day notice prior to the change. The Company will contact the new owner
prior to the end of the 30 days in order to execute a new agreement. The new owner will not be
entitled to operate the generator in parallel with the Company system or be net metered until a new
agreement is executed by both parties. However, this agreement shall inure to the benefit of and
binding upon the respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties
involved until a new agreement is executed.
15. No Extension of Credit – In executing this agreement, the Company does not, nor should it be
construed to extend credit or financial support for the benefit of any third parties lending money to or
having other transactions with the Customer or any assignee of this agreement.
16. Applicability of Tariff – The Company’s tariff and associated technical terms and abbreviations,
general rules, regulations and standard electric service requirements are incorporated herein by
reference. In the event that this tariff and the Interconnection Agreement is revised due to rule
changes approved by the Florida Public Service Commission, the Company and the Customer
agree to replace this agreement with an amended agreement that complies with the amended Florida
Public Service Commission rules.
17. Entire Agreement – This agreement supersedes all previous agreements or representations, either
written or oral, heretofore in effect between the Company and the Customer, made in respect to
matters herein contained, and when duly executed, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties.
18. Termination – Upon termination of this agreement, the Company shall open and padlock the
manual disconnect switch, if applicable, and remove any additional kilowatt-hour meter and associated
Company equipment. At the Customer’s expense, the Customer agrees to permanently
isolate the Facility from the Company’s electric service grid. The Customer shall notify the Company
in writing within ten (10) business days that the isolation procedure has been completed.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 80 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.015
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW or Less)
(Continued)
19. Retail Purchase of Electricity - “Customer-owned renewable generation” means an electric
generating system located on a Customer’s premise that is primarily intended to offset part or all
of the Customer’s electricity requirements with renewable energy. The term “Customer-owned
renewable generation” does not preclude the Customer of record from contracting for the
purchase, lease, operation, or maintenance of an on-site renewable generation system with a
third-party under terms and conditions does not include the retail purchase of electricity from the
third party.
20. The Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates,
and their respective employees, officers and directors, against any and all liability, loss, damage,
cost or expense which the Company, it subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective employees,
officers and directors may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay by reason of negligence
on the part of the Customer under the obligations of this agreement. The Company agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless the Customer, against any and all liability, loss, damage, cost or
expense which the Customer may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay by reason of
negligence on the part of the Company under the obligations of this agreement.
21. Communications, either emergency or routine, related to this agreement or operation of
the installation shall be made to the following parties:
Company:
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
Customer:
_____________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 81 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.016
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 1 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (10 KW or Less)
(Continued )
22. Dispute Resolution – The Company and Customer may seek resolution of disputes arising out of
this interpretation of this agreement pursuant to Rule 25-22.032, F.A.C., Customer Complaints,
or Rule 25-22.036, F.A.C., Initiation of Formal Proceedings.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Customer and the Company execute this Agreement this
_________ day of _________________________, ________.
Title: ___ ___________________
WITNESS: FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMPANY
COMPANY
_______________________ By: _____________________________
Title: ____________________________
Date: ____________________________
Date: __________ ____________
WITNESS: __________________________________
CUSTOMER
________________________ By: ___________________________
Title: __________________________
Date: __________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 82 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.017
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STANDARD FORMS
STANDARD INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT – TIER 2
STANDARD INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED TIER 2
RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
This agreement made and entered into as of this _____ day of _______________________, ____________ by
and between ___________________________________ hereinafter known at the “Customer” and Florida
Public Utilities Company hereinafter know as the “Company”. This agreement is made in accordance with
Florida Public Commission Rule 25-6.065 F.A.C., Interconnection and Net Metering of Customer-Owned
Renewable Generation and under the terms and conditions as approved by the Florida Public Service
Commission pursuant to Rule 25-6.065(3), F.A.C.
1. The Customer’s renewable generation system is within the Company service territory and is located at:
___________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________
and should be installed and operational by:
__________________________, ____________.
2. Customer will ensure the installation will meet or exceed all requirements noted below, will provide the
Company with reasonable notification prior to the operation of the system and will assist the Company
in verifying that the installation complies with the agreement prior to operating in parallel with the
Company’s electric system.
3. The Customer’s renewable generation system is described as follows:
a. Equipment Manufacturers Name and Address:
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
b. Manufacturers Reference Number, Serial Number, Type, Style, Model, Etc.
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
c. Name Plate Rating (KW and Voltage):
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 83 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.018
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 2 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
(Continued)
4. Standard Interconnection Agreement Requirements – To qualify for expedited interconnection as a
Tier 2 generator pursuant to Rule 25-6.065, F.A.C., the Facility must:
(a) Comply with IEEE 1547 (2003) Standard for Interconnecting Distributed Resources with
Electric Power Systems.
(b) Comply with IEEE 1547.1 (2005) Standard Conformance Test Procedures for Equipment
Interconnecting Distributed Resources with Electric Power Systems.
(c) Comply with UL 1741 (2005) Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interconnection
System Equipment for Use With Distributed Energy Resources.
(d) Have a Gross Power Rating that does not exceed 90% of the Customer’s utility distribution
service rating.
(e) Have a Gross Power Rating greater than 10 KW and less than or equal to 100 KW.
5. Customer Qualifications and Fees – The Customer shall comply with the following to qualify as a
Tier 2 generator pursuant to Rule 25-6.065, F.A.C.:
(a) Customer-owned renewable generation shall be considered certified for interconnected
operation if it has been submitted by a manufacturer to a nationally recognized testing
and certification laboratory, and has been tested and listed by the laboratory for
continuous interactive operation with an electric distribution system in compliance with
the applicable codes and standards listed in Section (4).
(b) Customer-owned renewable generation shall include a utility-interactive inverter, or other
device certified pursuant to Section (5) (a) that performs the function of automatically
isolating the Customer-owned generation equipment from the electric grid in the event the
electric grid loses power.
(c) Provided the Customer-owned renewable generation equipment complies with Sections
(4) and (5) (a), (b), the Company shall not require further design review, testing, or
additional equipment other than that provided for in Section (9).
(d) Tier 2 Customers who request interconnection of Customer-owned renewable generation
shall be charged a one-time non-refundable application fee of $350.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 84 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.019
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 2 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
(Continued)
6. Inspection Requirements – Prior to operating the Customer system in parallel with
Company’s electric system, the Customer will:
(a) Have the Customer-owned renewable generation inspected and approved by local
code officials prior to its operation in parallel with the Company system to ensure
compliance with applicable local codes.
(b) Make provisions that permit the Company to inspect Customer-owned renewable
generation and its component equipment, and the documents necessary to ensure
compliance with Sections (4) and (5). The Customer shall notify the Company at least
10 days prior to initially placing Customer equipment and protective apparatus in
service and the Company shall have the right to have personnel present on the in-
service date. If the Customer-owned renewable generation system is subsequently
modified in order to increase its gross power rating, the Customer must notify the
Company by submitting a new application specifying the modifications at least 30
days prior to making the modifications.
(c) Provide for protection of the renewable generating equipment, inverters, protective
devices, and other system components from damage from the normal and abnormal
conditions and operations that occur on the Company system in delivering and
restoring power; and is responsible for ensuring that Customer-owned renewable
generation equipment is inspected, maintained, and tested in accordance with the
manufacturer’s instructions to ensure that it is operating correctly and safely.
7. Indemnity for Loss to Third Parties - The Customer shall hold harmless and indemnify
the Company for all loss to third parties resulting from the operation of the Customer-
owned renewable generation, except when the loss occurs due to the negligent actions
of the Company. The Company shall hold harmless and indemnify the Customer for all
loss to third parties resulting from the operation of the Company’s system, except when
the loss occurs due to the negligent actions of the Customer.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 85 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.020
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 2 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
(Continued)
8. Customer Insurance Requirements – The Customer owning a Tier 2 generator is required by rule
to obtain general liability insurance for personal and property damage in the amount of no less
than one million dollars ($1,000,000) as a result of the operation of the generator. Prior to
parallel operation, the Customer shall provide initial proof of insurance or sufficient guarantee
and proof of self insurance, evidencing the generator. The Customer shall continue to provide
proof of continuing insurance within 30 days of any policy renewal.
9. Manual Disconnect Switch – Customer’s operating a Tier 2 generator shall install, at the
Customer’s expense, a manual disconnect switch of the visible load break type to provide a
separation point between the AC power output of the Customer-owned renewable generation and
any Customer wiring connected to the Company’s system. The manual disconnect switch shall
be mounted separate from, but adjacent to, the meter socket and shall be readily accessible to the
Company and capable of being locked in the open position with a single Company padlock.
10. Disconnection From Customer System - The Company may open the manual disconnect switch
pursuant to the conditions set forth below in Sections (10) (a) – (10) (d), isolating the Customer-
owned renewable generation, without prior notice to the Customer. To the extent practicable,
however, prior notice shall be given. If prior notice is not given, the Company shall at the time
of disconnection leave a door hanger notifying the Customer that their Customer-owned
renewable generation has been disconnected, including an explanation of the condition
necessitating such action. The Company shall reconnect the Customer-owned renewable
generation as soon as the condition necessitating disconnection is remedied.
a. Emergencies or maintenance requirements on the Company’s electric system;
b. Hazardous conditions existing on the Company system due to the operation of the
Customer’s generating or protective equipment as determined by the Company;
c. Adverse electrical effects, such as power quality problems, on the electrical equipment of
the Company’s other electric consumers caused by the Customer-owned renewable
generation as determined by the Company;
d. Failure of the Customer to maintain the required insurance coverage.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 86 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.021
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 2 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
(Continued)
11. Administrative Requirements
(a) The Company shall maintain on its website a downloadable application for interconnection of
Customer-owned renewable generation, detailing the information necessary to execute the
Standard Interconnection Agreement. Upon request the Company shall provide a hard copy of
the application within 5 business days.
(b) Within 10 business days of receipt of the Customer’s application, the Company shall provide
written notice that it has received all documents required by the Standard Interconnection
Agreement or indicate how the application is deficient. Within 10 business days of receipt of a
completed application, the Company shall provide written notice verifying receipt of the
completed application. The written notice shall also include dates for any physical inspection of
the Customer-owned renewable generation necessary for the Company to confirm compliance
with Sections (4) through (10).
(c) The Standard Interconnection Agreement shall be executed by the Company within 30 calendar
days of receipt of a completed application.
(d) The Customer must execute the Standard Interconnection Agreement and return it to the Company
at least 30 calendar days prior to beginning parallel operations and within one year after the utility
executes the Agreement. All physical inspections must be completed by the Company within 30
calendar days of receipt of the Customer’s executed Standard Interconnection Agreement. If the
inspection is delayed at the Customer’s request, the Customer shall contact the utility to
reschedule an inspection. The Company shall reschedule the inspection within 10 business days
of the Customer’s request.
12. Net Metering
(a) The Company shall enable each Customer-owned renewable generation facility interconnected to
the investor-owned utility’s electrical grid pursuant to this rule to net meter.
(b) The Company shall install, at no additional cost to the Customer, metering equipment at the point
of delivery capable of measuring the difference between the electricity supplied to the Customer
from the investor-owned utility and the electricity generated by the Customer and delivered to
the investor-owned utilities electric grid.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 87 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.022
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 2 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
(Continued)
12. Net Metering (continued)
(c) Meter readings shall be taken monthly on the same cycle as required under the otherwise
applicable rate schedule.
(d) The Company shall charge for electricity used by the Customer in excess of the generation
supplied by Customer-owned renewable generation in accordance with normal billing practices.
(e) During any billing cycle, excess Customer-owned renewable generation delivered to the
Company’s electric grid shall be credited to the Customer’s energy consumption for the next
month’s billing cycle.
(f) Energy credits produced pursuant to Section (12) (e) shall accumulate and be used to offset the
Customer’s energy usage in subsequent months for a period of not more than twelve months. At
the end of each calendar year, the Company shall pay the Customer for any unused energy
credits at an average annual rate based on the Company’s COG-1, as-available energy tariff.
(g) When a Customer leaves the system, that Customer’s unused credits for excess kWh generated
shall be paid to the Customer at an average annual rate based on the Company’s COG-1, as-
available energy tariff.
(h) Regardless of whether excess energy is delivered to the Company’s electric grid, the Customer
shall continue to pay the applicable Customer charge and applicable demand charge (if
applicable) for the maximum measured demand during the billing period. The Company shall
charge for electricity used by the Customer in excess of the generation supplied by Customer-
owned renewable generation at the Company’s otherwise applicable rate schedule. The
Customer may at their sole discretion choose to take service under the Company’s standby or
supplemental service rate, if available.
13. Renewable Energy Certificates - Customers shall retain any Renewable Energy Certificates
associated with the electricity produced by their Customer-owned renewable generation equipment.
Any additional meters necessary for measuring the total renewable electricity generated for the
purposes of receiving Renewable Energy Certificates shall be installed at the Customer’s expense,
unless otherwise determined during negotiations for the sale of the Customer’s Renewable Energy
Certificates to the Company.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 88 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.023
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 2 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
(Continued)
14. Change of Ownership – This agreement shall not be assigned or transferred without prior
written consent of the Company. Should there be a change in ownership; the Customer
shall provide the Company with 30 day notice prior to the change. The Company will
contact the new owner prior to the end of the 30 days in order to execute a new
agreement. The new owner will not be entitled to operate the generator in parallel with
the Company system or be net metered until a new agreement is executed by both
parties. However, this agreement shall inure to the benefit of and binding upon the
respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties involved
until a new agreement is executed.
15. No Extension of Credit – In executing this agreement, the Company does not, nor should it be
construed to extend credit or financial support for the benefit of any third parties lending
money to or having other transactions with the Customer or any assignee of this agreement.
16. Applicability of Tariff – The Company’s tariff and associated technical terms and
abbreviations, general rules, regulations and standard electric service requirements are
incorporated herein by reference. In the event that this tariff and the Interconnection
Agreement is revised due to rule changes approved by the Florida Public Service
Commission, the Company and the Customer agree to replace this agreement with an
amended agreement that complies with the amended Florida Public Service
Commission rules.
17. Entire Agreement – This agreement supersedes all previous agreements or representations,
either written or oral, heretofore in effect between the Company and the Customer, made in
respect to matters herein contained, and when duly executed, this agreement constitutes the
entire agreement between the parties.
18. Termination – Upon termination of this agreement, the Company shall open and padlock the
manual disconnect switch, if applicable, and remove any additional kilowatt-hour meter and
associated Company equipment. At the Customer’s expense, the Customer agrees to
permanently isolate the Facility from the Company’s electric service grid. The Customer
shall notify the Company in writing within ten (10) business days that the isolation
procedure has been completed.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 89 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.024
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 2 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEM
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
(Continued)
19. Retail Purchase of Electricity - “Customer-owned renewable generation” means an electric
generating system located on a Customer’s premise that is primarily intended to offset part or all
of the Customer’s electricity requirements with renewable energy. The term “Customer-owned
renewable generation” does not preclude the Customer of record from contracting for the
purchase, lease, operation, or maintenance of an on-site renewable generation system with a third-
party under terms and conditions but does not include the retail purchase of electricity from the
third party.
20. The Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates,
and their respective employees, officers and directors, against any and all liability, loss, damage,
cost or expense which the Company, it subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective employees,
officers and directors may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay by reason of negligence on
the part of the Customer under the obligations of this agreement. The Company agrees to
indemnify and hold harmless the Customer, against any and all liability, loss, damage, cost or
expense which the Customer may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay by reason of
negligence on the part of the Company under the obligations of this agreement.
21. Communications, either emergency or routine, related to this agreement or operation of the
installation shall be made to the following parties:
Company:
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
Customer:
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 90 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.025
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 2 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 10 KW and Less than or Equal to 100 KW)
(Continued)
22. Dispute Resolution – The Company and Customer may seek resolution of disputes arising out of
this interpretation of this agreement pursuant to Rule 25-22.032, F.A.C., Customer Complaints,
or Rule 25-22.036, F.A.C., Initiation of Formal Proceedings.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Customer and the Company execute this Agreement this
_________ day of _________________________, ________.
Title: ___ ___________________
WITNESS: FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES
COMPANY
____________________ _____ By: ______________________________
Title: _____________________________
Date: _____________________________
Date: __________ ____________
WITNESS: ___________________________
CUSTOMER
_________________________ By: ______________________________
Title: _____________________________
Date: _____________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 91 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.026
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
STANDARD FORMS
STANDARD INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT - TIER 3
STANDARD INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS (Greater than 100 KW and
Less than or Equal to 2 MW)
This agreement made and entered into as of this ____ day of _______________________________,
______________by and between _______________________________ hereinafter known at the
“Customer” and Florida Public Utilities Company hereinafter know as the “Company”. This agreement is
made in accordance with Florida Public Commission Rule 25-6.065 F.A.C., Interconnection and Net
Metering of Customer-Owned Renewable Generation and under the terms and conditions as approved by
the Florida Public Service Commission pursuant to Rule 25-6.065(3), F.A.C.
1. The Customer’s renewable generation system is within the Company service territory and is located
at:
___________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________
and should be installed and operational by:
__________________________, ____________.
2. Customer will ensure the installation will meet or exceed all requirements noted below, will provide
the Company with reasonable notification prior to the operation of the system and will assist the Company
in verifying that the installation complies with the agreement prior to operating in parallel with the
Company’s electric system.
3. The Customer’s renewable generation system is described as follows:
a. Equipment Manufacturers Name and Address:
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
b. Manufacturers Reference Number, Serial Number, Type, Style, Model, Etc.
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
c. Name Plate Rating (KW and Voltage):
______________________________________________
______________________________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 92 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.027
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 100 KW and Less than or Equal to 2 MW)
(Continued)
4. Standard Interconnection Agreement Requirements – To qualify for expedited interconnection
as a Tier 3 generator pursuant to Rule 25-6.065, F.A.C., the Facility must:
(a) Comply with IEEE 1547 (2003) Standard for Interconnecting Distributed Resources with
Electric Power Systems.
(b) Comply with IEEE 1547.1 (2005) Standard Conformance Test Procedures for Equipment
Interconnecting Distributed Resources with Electric Power Systems.
(c) Comply with UL 1741 (2005) Inverters, Converters, Controllers and Interconnection System
Equipment for Use With Distributed Energy Resources.
(d) Have a Gross Power Rating that does not exceed 90% of the Customer’s utility distribution
service rating.
(e) Have a Gross Power Rating of greater than 100 KW and less than or equal to 2 MW.
5. Customer Qualifications and Fees – The Customer shall comply with the following to qualify
as a Tier 3 generator pursuant to Rule 25-6.065, F.A.C.:
(a) Customer-owned renewable generation shall be considered certified for interconnected
operation if it has been submitted by a manufacturer to a nationally recognized testing and
certification laboratory, and has been tested and listed by the laboratory for continuous
interactive operation with an electric distribution system in compliance with the applicable
codes and standards listed in Section (4).
(b) Customer-owned renewable generation shall include a utility-interactive inverter, or other
device certified pursuant to Section (5) (a) that performs the function of automatically
isolating the Customer-owned generation equipment from the electric grid in the event the
electric grid loses power.
(c) Should the Company determine that an interconnection study is necessary; a charge based
on actual costs of the study will be the responsibility of the Customer. Prior to initiation of
the study, $2,000 (cost not to exceed $2,000) will be paid by the Customer. Should actual
study cost be less than $2,000, the difference will be refunded to the Customer. Additionally,
the Customer will be responsible for cost associated with any modifications to the
Company’s system that is identified in the interconnection study.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 93 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.028
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 100 KW and Less than or Equal to 2 MW)
(Continued)
Any such charges shall not be assessed on the Customer without prior approval of the FPSC
as per Rule 25-6.065(4) (h). This agreement will not be executed until the expansion or other
work identified in the study has been completed and payment received.
(d) Tier 3 Customers who request interconnection of Customer-owned renewable generation
shall be charged a one-time non-refundable application fee of $350.
6. Inspection Requirements – Prior to operating the Customer system in parallel with
Company’s electric system, the Customer will:
(a) Have the Customer-owned renewable generation inspected and approved by local code
officials prior to its operation in parallel with the Company system to ensure compliance with
applicable local codes.
(b) Make provisions that permit the Company to inspect Customer-owned renewable generation
and its component equipment, and the documents necessary to ensure compliance with
Sections (4) and (5). The Customer shall notify the Company at least 10 days prior to initially
placing Customer equipment and protective apparatus in service and the Company shall have
the right to have personnel present on the in-service date. If the Customer-owned renewable
generation system is subsequently modified in order to increase its gross power rating, the
Customer must notify the Company by submitting a new application specifying the
modifications at least 30 days prior to making the modifications.
(c) Provide for protection of the renewable generating equipment, inverters, protective devices,
and other system components from damage from the normal and abnormal conditions and
operations that occur on the Company system in delivering and restoring power; and is
responsible for ensuring that Customer-owned renewable generation equipment is inspected,
maintained, and tested in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions to ensure that it is
operating correctly and safely.
7. Indemnity for Loss to Third Parties - The Customer shall hold harmless and indemnify the
Company for all loss to third parties resulting from the operation of the Customer-owned
renewable generation, except when the loss occurs due to the negligent actions of the
Company. The Company shall hold harmless and indemnify the Customer for all loss to third
parties resulting from the operation of the Company’s system, except when the loss occurs
due to the negligent actions of the Customer.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 94 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.029
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 100 KW and Less than or Equal to 2 MW)
(Continued)
8. Customer Insurance Requirements – The Customer owning a Tier 3 generator is required by
rule to obtain general liability insurance for personal and property damage in the amount of no
less than two million dollars ($2,000,000) as a result of the operation of the generator. Prior to
parallel operation, the Customer shall provide initial proof of insurance or sufficient guarantee
and proof of self-insurance, evidencing the generator. The Customer shall continue to
provide proof of continuing insurance within 30 days of any policy renewal.
9. Manual Disconnect Switch – Customer’s operating a Tier 3 generator shall install, at the
Customer’s expense, a manual disconnect switch of the visible load break type to provide a
separation point between the AC power output of the Customer-owned renewable generation
and any Customer wiring connected to the Company’s system. The manual disconnect switch
shall be mounted separate from, but adjacent to, the meter socket and shall be readily accessible
to the Company and capable of being locked in the open position with a single Company
padlock.
10. Disconnection From Customer System - The Company may open the manual disconnect switch
pursuant to the conditions set forth below in (10) (a) – (10) (d), isolating the Customer-owned
renewable generation, without prior notice to the Customer. To the extent practicable, however,
prior notice shall be given. If prior notice is not given, the Company shall at the time of
disconnection leave a door hanger notifying the Customer that their Customer-owned renewable
generation has been disconnected, including an explanation of the condition necessitating such
action. The Company shall reconnect the Customer-owned renewable generation as soon as the
condition necessitating disconnection is remedied.
a. Emergencies or maintenance requirements on the Company’s electric system;
b. Hazardous conditions existing on the Company system due to the operation of the
Customer’s generating or protective equipment as determined by the Company;
c. Adverse electrical effects, such as power quality problems, on the electrical equipment
of the Company’s other electric consumers caused by the Customer-owned renewable
generation as determined by the Company;
d. Failure of the Customer to maintain the required insurance coverage.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 95 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.030
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 100 KW and Less than or Equal to 2 MW)
(Continued)
11. Administrative Requirements
(a) The Company shall maintain on its website a downloadable application for
interconnection of Customer-owned renewable generation, detailing the information
necessary to execute the Standard Interconnection Agreement. Upon request the
Company shall provide a hard copy of the application within 5 business days.
(b) Within 10 business days of receipt of the Customer’s application, the Company shall
provide written notice that it has received all documents required by the Standard
Interconnection Agreement or indicate how the application is deficient. Within 10
business days of receipt of a completed application, the Company shall provide written
notice verifying receipt of the completed application. The written notice shall also
include dates for any physical inspection of the Customer-owned renewable generation
necessary for the Company to confirm compliance with Sections (4) through (10) and
confirmation regarding the requirement of a Tier 3 interconnection study.
(c) The Standard Interconnection Agreement shall be executed by the Company within 30
calendar days of receipt of a completed application. This will be extended to 90
calendar days if the Company determines that an interconnection study is required.
(d) The Customer must execute the Standard Interconnection Agreement and return it to
the Company at least 30 calendar days prior to beginning parallel operations and within
one year after the utility executes the Agreement. All physical inspections must be
completed by the Company within 30 calendar days of receipt of the Customer’s
executed Standard Interconnection Agreement. If the inspection is delayed at the
Customer’s request, the Customer shall contact the utility to reschedule an inspection.
The Company shall reschedule the inspection within 10 business days of the
Customer’s request.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 96 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.031
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 100 KW and Less or Equal to 2 MN)
(Continued)
12. Net Metering
(a) The Company shall enable each Customer-owned renewable generation facility
interconnected to the investor-owned utility’s electrical grid pursuant to this rule to net
meter.
(b) The Company shall install, at no additional cost to the Customer, metering equipment
at the point of delivery capable of measuring the difference between the electricity
supplied to the Customer from the investor-owned utility and the electricity generated
by the Customer and delivered to the investor-owned utility’s electric grid.
(c) Meter readings shall be taken monthly on the same cycle as required under the
otherwise applicable rate schedule.
(d) The Company shall charge for electricity used by the Customer in excess of the
generation supplied by Customer-owned renewable generation in accordance with
normal billing practices.
(e) During any billing cycle, excess Customer-owned renewable generation delivered to
the Company’s electric grid shall be credited to the Customer’s energy consumption
for the next month’s billing cycle.
(f) Energy credits produced pursuant to Section (12) (e) shall accumulate and be used to
offset the Customer’s energy usage in subsequent months for a period of not more than
twelve months. At the end of each calendar year, the Company shall pay the Customer
for any unused energy credits at an average annual rate based on the Company’s COG-
1, as-available energy tariff.
(g) When a Customer leaves the system, that Customer’s unused credits for excess kWh
generated shall be paid to the Customer at an average annual rate based on the
Company’s COG-1, as-available energy tariff.
(h) Regardless of whether excess energy is delivered to the Company’s electric grid, the
Customer shall continue to pay the applicable Customer charge and applicable demand
charge (if applicable) for the maximum measured demand during the billing period.
The Company shall charge for electricity used by the Customer in excess of the
generation supplied by Customer-owned renewable generation at the Company’s
otherwise applicable rate schedule. The Customer may at their sole discretion choose
to take service under the Company’s standby or supplemental service rate, if available.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 97 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.032
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 100 KW and Less than or Equal to 2 MW)
(Continued)
13. Renewable Energy Certificates - Customers shall retain any Renewable Energy Certificates
associated with the electricity produced by their Customer-owned renewable generation
equipment. Any additional meters necessary for measuring the total renewable electricity
generated for the purposes of receiving Renewable Energy Certificates shall be installed at
the Customer’s expense, unless otherwise determined during negotiations for the sale of the
Customer’s Renewable Energy Certificates to the Company.
14. Change of Ownership – This agreement shall not be assigned or transferred without prior
written consent of the Company. Should there be a change in ownership; the Customer shall
provide the Company with 30 day notice prior to the change. The Company will contact the
new owner prior to the end of the 30 days in order to execute a new agreement. The new
owner will not be entitled to operate the generator in parallel with the Company system or
be net metered until a new agreement is executed by both parties. However, this agreement
shall inure to the benefit of and binding upon the respective heirs, legal representatives,
successors and assigns of the parties involved until a new agreement is executed.
15. No Extension of Credit – In executing this agreement, the Company does not, nor should it
be construed to extend credit or financial support for the benefit of any third parties lending
money to or having other transactions with the Customer or any assignee of this agreement.
16. Applicability of Tariff – The Company’s tariff and associated technical terms and
abbreviations, general rules, regulations and standard electric service requirements are
incorporated herein by reference. In the event that this tariff and the Interconnection
Agreement is revised due to rule changes approved by the Florida Public Service
Commission, the Company and the Customer agree to replace this agreement with an
amended agreement that complies with the amended Florida Public Service Commission
rules.
17. Entire Agreement – This agreement supersedes all previous agreements or representations,
either written or oral, heretofore in effect between the Company and the Customer,
made in respect to matters herein contained, and when duly executed, this agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 98 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.033
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 100 KW and less than or Equal to 2 MW)
(Continued)
18. Termination – Upon termination of this agreement, the Company shall open and padlock
the manual disconnect switch, if applicable, and remove any additional kilowatt-hour
meter and associated Company equipment. At the Customer’s expense, the Customer
agrees to permanently isolate the Facility from the Company’s electric service grid.
The Customer shall notify the Company within ten (10) business days that the isolation
procedure has been completed.
19. Retail Purchase of Electricity - “Customer-owned renewable generation” means an electric
generating system located on a Customer’s premise that is primarily intended to offset part
or all of the Customer’s electricity requirements with renewable energy. The term
“Customer-owned renewable generation” does not preclude the Customer of record
from contracting for the purchase, lease, operation, or maintenance of an on-site
renewable generation system with a third-party under terms and conditions but does
not include the retail purchase of electricity from the third party.
20. The Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its subsidiaries or
affiliates, and their respective employees, officers and directors, against any and all
liability, loss, damage, cost or expense which the Company, it subsidiaries, affiliates, and
their respective employees, officers and directors may hereafter incur, suffer or be
required to pay by reason of negligence on the part of the Customer under the obligations
of this agreement. The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the
Customer, against any and all liability, loss, damage, cost or expense which the
Customer may hereafter incur, suffer or be required to pay by reason of negligence on the
part of the Company under the obligations of this agreement.
21. Communications, either emergency or routine, related to this agreement or operation of the
installation shall be made to the following parties:
Company: Customer:
__________________________________ __________________________________
__________________________________ __________________________________
__________________________________ __________________________________
__________________________________ __________________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 99 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 8.034
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
INTERCONNECTION AGREEMENT FOR CUSTOMER OWNED
TIER 3 RENEWABLE GENERATION SYSTEMS
(Greater than 100 KW and Less than or Equal to 2 MW)
(Continued)
22. Dispute Resolution – The Company and Customer may seek resolution of disputes
arising out of this interpretation of this agreement pursuant to Rule 25-22.032, F.A.C.,
Customer Complaints, or Rule 25-22.036, F.A.C., Initiation of Formal Proceedings.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Customer and the Company execute this Agreement
this __________ day of _________________________, ________.
Title: ___ ___________________
WITNESS: FLORIDA PUBLIC UTILITIES COMPANY
COMPANY
_______________________ By: _______________________________
Title: _____________________________
Date: _____________________________
Date: __________ ____________
WITNESS: _____________________________
CUSTOMER
______________________ By: _____________________________
Title: ____________________________
Date: _____________________________
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 100 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 9.000
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
CONTRACTS AND AGREEMENTS
Container Corporation of America
Agreement dated December 15, 1992
ITT Rayonier, Inc., Fernandina Division
Agreement dated March 14, 2012
We strive to conform to ADA guidelines to ensure accessibility for all users.
If you experience issues, please contact us at accessibility@chpk.com for assistance.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities