Sheet No. 7.024
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
NON-FIRM ENERGY PROGRAM NFEP-EXP (EXPERIMENTAL) - CLOSED
Monthly NF Demand Charge:
$0.00 per kW of NF demand
Monthly Rate
NF Energy Charge:
Amount as offered and accepted for each nomination
Monthly NF Demand
The Monthly NF Demand shall equal the maximum hour of NF Energy nominated by the Customer for
the calendar month.
Minimum Monthly Bill
The Minimum Monthly Bill shall consist of the Monthly NF Administrative Charge plus applicable
taxes and fees.
Term of Service
The Customer agrees to a minimum of 12 months of service under the Program. Service will continue
thereafter until the Customer submits to the Company a written notice of termination. Service will
discontinue at the end of the calendar month that notice of termination is received.
Nomination and Acceptance Procedure
1. By 10:00 AM each Friday, or when NF Energy is available, the Company will provide the Customer
with NF Energy price quotations for the following period beginning 0:00 (midnight) the following
Sunday (time period is Monday 00:00 – Sunday 24:00).
2. The Customer will submit a NF Energy nomination schedule to the Company by 2:00 PM of the
same day that the offer is submitted.
3. NF Energy nominations are accepted once the Company confirms receipt of the nomination. The
Company will then schedule delivery of the NF Energy, if any, beginning 0:00 (midnight) the
following Sunday.
Nomination Recall Provisions:
Once accepted, nominations by Customer may only be withdrawn if a Force Majeure is declared. A
Force Majeure may be declared by the Customer if the Customer’s equipment suffers major failure
such that the Customer is prevented from taking the NF Energy. In such case, the Customer will notify
the Company’s designated contact by approved method as soon as condition is known and the Company
will attempt to withdraw the scheduled delivery of NF Energy. If possible, the Customer will no longer
be responsible for purchasing the balance of NF Energy nominated during the event. Customer may
declare Force Majeure a maximum of once per month.
Company may terminate NF Energy delivery at any time due to system emergencies or unusual pricing
by notifying Customer of such termination, and Company has no obligation to deliver NF Energy.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 63 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff First Revised Sheet