RATE SCHEDULE RS
RESIDENTIAL SERVICE
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun and Liberty Counties
and on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable for service to a single family dwelling unit occupied by one family or household and for
energy used in commonly-owned facilities in condominium and cooperative apartment buildings.
Character of Service
Single-phase service at nominal secondary voltage of 115/230 volts; three-phase service if available.
Limitations of Service
The maximum size of any individual single-phase motor hereunder shall not exceed five (5)
horsepower.
The Company shall not be required to construct any additional facilities for the purpose of supplying
three-phase service unless the revenue to be derived therefrom shall be sufficient to yield the
Company a fair return on the value of such additional facilities.
Monthly Rate
Customer Facilities Charge:
$24.40 per Customer per month
Base Energy Charge:
2.867¢/KWH for usage up to 1000 KWH’s/month
4.695ȼ/KWH for usage above 1000 KWH’s/month
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the Florida Public Service Commission, normally each
year in January. For current purchased power costs included in the tariff, see Sheet Nos. 7.021 &
7.022.
Minimum Bill
The minimum monthly bill shall consist of the above Customer Facilities Charge.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 40 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.002
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE RS
RESIDENTIAL SERVICE
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Conservation Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This
percentage shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay
under the franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Budget Billing Program (optional)
An electing Customer's participation in the budgeted payment plan will be continuous unless the
Customer requests that participation in the plan be terminated or that Electric Service be terminated,
or the Customer is delinquent in paying the budgeted payment amount and becomes subject to the
collection action on the service account. At that time, the Customer's participation in the program
will be terminated and the Customer shall settle their account with the Company in full. If a
Customer requests to terminate participation in the program, but remains a Customer of the
Company, the Customer shall pay any deferred debit balance with their next regular monthly bill,
and any deferred credit balance shall be used to reduce the amount due for the next regular monthly
bill. A