Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This percentage
shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay under the
franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Terms and Conditions
Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 44 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Second Revised Sheet No. 7.006
Original Volume No. II Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.006
RATE SCHEDULE GSD
GENERAL SERVICE – DEMAND
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to commercial, industrial and municipal service with a measured demand of 25 KW but
less than 500 KW for three or more months out of the twelve consecutive months ending with the
current billing period. Also available, at the option of the Customer, to any Customer with demands
of less than 25 KW who agrees to pay for service under this rate schedule for a minimum initial term
of twelve months.
Character of Service
Single or three-phase service at available standard voltage.
Limitations of Service
Service shall be at a single metering point at one voltage.
Monthly Rate
Customer Facilities Charge:
$122.17per Customer per month
Demand Charge:
Each KW of Billing Demand $6.66/KW
Base Energy Charge
All KWH 0. 812¢/KWH
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the Florida Public Service Commission, normally each year
in January.
Minimum Bill
The minimum monthly bill shall consist of the above Customer Facilities Charge plus the Demand
Charge for the currently effective billing demand.
Terms of Payment
Bills are rendered net and are due and payable within twenty (20) days from date of bill.
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 45 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.007
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GSD
GENERAL SE