RATE SCHEDULE RS
RESIDENTIAL SERVICE
Purchased Power Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Conservation Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This
percentage shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay
under the franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Budget Billing Program (optional)
An electing Customer's participation in the budgeted payment plan will be continuous unless the
Customer requests that participation in the plan be terminated or that Electric Service be terminated,
or the Customer is delinquent in paying the budgeted payment amount and becomes subject to the
collection action on the service account. At that time, the Customer's participation in the program
will be terminated and the Customer shall settle their account with the Company in full. If a
Customer requests to terminate participation in the program, but remains a Customer of the
Company, the Customer shall pay any deferred debit balance with their next regular monthly bill,
and any deferred credit balance shall be used to reduce the amount due for the next regular monthly
bill. An electing Customer may request that participation be terminated at any time, but once
terminated by Customer request or due to collection action, will be limited to a six (6) month waiting
period before Customer may rejoin the Budget Billing Program.
Terms and Conditions
Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 41 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.003
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RESERVED FOR FUTURE USE
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 42 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Second Revised Sheet No. 7.004
Original Volume No. II Replaces First Original Sheet No. 7.004
RATE SCHEDULE GS
GENERAL SERVICE – NON DEMAND
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun and Liberty Counties
And on Amelia Island in Nassau County.
Applicability
Applicable to commercial and industrial lighting, heating, cooking and small power loads aggregating
25 KW or less.
Character of Service
Single or three-phase service at available standard voltage.
Limitations of Service
Service shall be at a single metering point.
Monthly Rate
Customer Facilities Charge:
$40.00 per Customer per month
Base Energy Charge:
All KWH 4.407¢/KWH
Purchased Power Charges
Purchased power charges are adjusted by the Florida Public Service Commission, normally each year in
Jan