Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Conservation Costs
See Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This percentage
shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay under the
franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Terms of Service
Service under this rate schedule shall be by written contract for a period of two or more years.
Terms and Conditions
1. Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
2. The charges set forth above cover the initial installation of overhead lines, poles and fixture
assembly including bracket, and maintenance duty as limited including lamp renewals due to
burn outs only, or the repair or replacement of equipment causing lamps not to be illuminated.
Such burnt out lamp replacements or repairs causing non-illumination of lamps will be performed
as soon as practical after notification of the burnt out lamp or non-illumination by patrols made by
company personnel or the Customer. However, Company shall not be required to replace existing
street lighting fixtures for Customers receiving service under this rate.
* The Company will repair or replace malfunctioning lighting fixtures maintained by the company in
accordance with Section 768.1382, Florida Statues (2005). Maintenance duty to be undertaken by
Florida Public Utilities Company is limited to lamp renewal due to burn outs only, or the repair or
replacement of equipment causing lamps not to be illuminated. Such burnt out lamp replacements or
repairs causing non-illumination of lamps will be performed during regular daytime working hours
as soon as practical after notification of the burn out or non-illumination conditions of the lamp by the
Customer. The maintenance duties undertaken herein are expressly limited to our paying Customer
and are not to be deemed to create a duty to the general public at large.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 56 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.018
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT RIDER PROGRAM-EDRP
Availability:
This Economic Development Rate Program (the "Program") i