Sheet No. 7.021 & 7.022.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2026
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 47 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Original Sheet No. 7.009
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GSLD
GENERAL SERVICE-LARGE DEMAND
Conservation Costs
See Sheet Nos. 7.021 & 7.022.
Franchise Fee Adjustment
Customers taking service within franchise areas shall pay a franchise fee adjustment in the form of a
percentage to be added to their bills prior to the application of any appropriate taxes. This percentage
shall reflect the Customer’s pro rata share of the amount the Company is required to pay under the
franchise agreement with the specific governmental body in which the Customer is located.
Billing Demand
The billing demand in any month shall be the greatest of the following:
(d) The highest fifteen-minute average load for the current month, as registered by a demand meter
or indicator.
(e) The highest fifteen-minute average load for the current month after adjustment for power factor,
in accordance with the Power Factor Clause of this schedule.
(f) For those Customers electing to take service under this rate schedule in lieu of the otherwise
applicable rate schedule the billing demand shall be as in either (a) or (b) above, but not less than
400 KW.
Terms of Service
Not less than one year.
Power Factor of Clause
The Company reserves the right to measure power factor and if it is less than 90%, adjust the maximum
demand for any month by multiplying the measured demand by 90% and dividing by the actual power
factor.
Transformer Ownership Discount
If the customer elects to take service at the available primary voltage and furnish and maintain any
transformers required, the monthly demand charge will be reduced by fifty five (55) cents per kilowatt.
Such customers will be metered at primary voltage and in recognition of estimated average
transformation losses of 1% the KW and KWH measured units shall be multiplied by a factor of 0.99
for billing purposes.
Terms and Conditions
Service under this rate schedule is subject to the Company’s Rules and Regulations applicable to
electric service.
Issued by: Jeffrey Sylvester, Chief Operating Officer Effective: March 20, 2025
Florida Public Utilities

=== page 48 ===
Florida Public Utilities Company Second Revised Sheet No. 7.010
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff Replaces First Revised Sheet No. 7.010
Original Volume No. II
RATE SCHEDULE GSLD 1
GENERAL SERV