Sheet No. 7.023
F.P.S.C. Electric Tariff
Original Volume No. II
NON-FIRM ENERGY PROGRAM NFEP-EXP (EXPERIMENTAL) - CLOSED
Availability
Available within the territory served by the Company in Jackson, Calhoun, and Liberty Counties and
on Amelia Island in Nassau County. This service is limited to Customers in the GSLD1 or Standby
rate class. The Rate Schedule is closed to new Customers and shall expire within 90 days written notice
by the Company to participating Customers and will expire in its entirety by September 1, 2025.
Applicability
Applicable to Customers which are self-generators with dispatchable generation and are eligible for
Rate Schedule GSLD1 or Standby, or who have executed a Special Contract approved by the
Commission. Eligible Customers would nominate, in accordance with the procedures outlined below,
an amount of electric load they commit to purchase that is above and in addition to the Customer’s
established baseline. Non-Firm (NF) Energy nominations must be made in 1,000 KW increments and
is currently limited to a minimum of 1,000 kW and maximum of 15,000 kW. The Customer is not
obligated to nominate NF Energy for any specific period but must nominate a minimum of 1,500 MWh
per year.
The default period for NF Energy nominations will be 7 days. Nominations for longer periods, e.g.
monthly, will be made available when market conditions warrant. The same procedure for nominations
and acceptance will apply to all periods. Customer may nominate NF Energy for on-peak hours, off-
peak hours, or all hours. On-peak hours are Hour Ending (H.E.) 08:00 to H.E 23:00 weekdays and off-
peak hours are H.E. 24:00 to HE 07:00 and all hours on weekends and established holidays. Times
shown are Eastern Standard or Daylight Savings time. On-peak and off-peak hours are subject to
change.
Once the Company confirms the Customer’s nomination, the Customer is obligated to pay for all NF
Energy nominated at the offered rate regardless of whether the Customer takes all NF Energy
nominated for the month, unless recalled in accordance with NF Recall provisions.
Monthly Rate
The rates and all other terms and conditions of the Customer’s otherwise applicable rate schedule shall
be applicable under this program.
All NF Energy shall be charged at the hourly price, in $/MWh, as offered by the Company. Once
nominated by the Customer and accepted by the Company, the Customer is responsible to pay the full
NF Energy Charge for the nomination period regardless of whether the C